#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 26.12 13:41 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 19988 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood Altar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spell Conduit
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Incense Crucible
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Demon's Chest
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spell Table
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mimic Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Schematic Saver
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Filled Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Demon Portal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Empty Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Container
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Speed Rune
fe.protection.break.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Allium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aurigold
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carrot
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cuprosia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Daisy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dandelion
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Diamahlia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Emeryllis
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ferranium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapender
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Niccissus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nitor Wart
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orchid
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Osmonium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Petinia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Platiolus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plombean
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Poppy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Potato
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstodendron
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Silverweed
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sugarcane
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Taint Root
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK White Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crop Sticks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.break.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bones.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crag Rock
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dried Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Vines
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Sand
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Long Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.petals.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.plants.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tree Moss
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Turnip
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Willow
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wisteria
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramic.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flower.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.loam.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.loam.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.plant.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Botany.stained.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.buildToolBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Builder
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blueprint Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.markerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.pathMarkerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.engineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.requester.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Networking Cable
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.AppleBox.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple Box
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.Charcoalcontainer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Charcoal Container
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.EHandle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Manual Charge Generator
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.GunpowderContainer.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.gunpowderContainer.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.VegiBag.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.vegiBag.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.advProsessor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hyper Jaw Crusher
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basket.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.basket.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.batBox.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Charger Block
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockBarrel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Barrel
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlJP.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlockJP.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedony.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chalcedony Block
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLampOp.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chalcedony Opaque Lamp
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyPanel.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chalcedony Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateGift.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Gift
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clamSand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.clamSand.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerBottleW.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Water Bottle Container
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerSaddle.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Saddle Container
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cropMint.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mint Crops
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyCup.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Empty Tea Cup
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyPanG.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Clay Pan
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.evaporator.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Evaporator
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flintBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flint Block
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gelBatContainer.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chargeable Battery Box
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceMaker.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Maker
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incenseBase.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Incense Base
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.largeBottle.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alcohol Bottle
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.lightGel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yuzu Light Gel
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.logYuzu.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yuzu Log
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonBomb.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Melon
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonSilky.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Silky Melon
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.prosessor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Food Processor
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.redGel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Stone Gel
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.rotaryDial.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rotary Dial Phone
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingYuzu.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yuzu Sapling
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.soupPan3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Fondue
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerBlack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Tea Maker
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerNext.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tea Maker
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaTree.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tea Tree
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppanII.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Iron Plate
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppann.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.cookingIronPlate.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.name
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Large paper Box
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.woodPanel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Particle Board
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuBatContainer.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Yuzu Battery Complex
fe.protection.break.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuFence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Thorny Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender IO
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rail
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Storage
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Reservoir
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ectoplasm
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.door.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Portal to the 'Deep Dark'
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peaceful Table
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Star Block
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Planks
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log7.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.log8.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stained.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pottery Table
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compost Bin
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Garden Proxy
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Small Fire
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Garden Lantern
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lattice
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Chain
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.break.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Candelilla
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Strange Plant
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Post
fe.protection.break.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Post Fence
fe.protection.break.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.break.Genetics.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.Altar.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bone Slab
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bone Stairs
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Night Stone
fe.protection.break.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.GregsBlocks.sawbench.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sawbench
fe.protection.break.GregsBlocks.shape.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Shaped Block
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCable.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockCable.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockCrop.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockElectric.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockHarz.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockITNT.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockMetal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockNuke.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockRubber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockWall.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Generator
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.biofuel.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.cable.plastic.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.cable.redstone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.detcord.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.meat.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.milk.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.mobessence.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.pinkslime.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.plastic.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.logic.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.sewage.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.sludge.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.mfr.steam.still.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.tank.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.vinescaffold.name
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Book Binder
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Book Receptacle
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bookstand
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Decay Effect
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ink Mixer
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lectern
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Link Modifier
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Star Fissure
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Link Portal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Writing Desk
fe.protection.break.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.sky.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK PIM
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters.converter.common.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters.converter.fz.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.factorization.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters.converter.ic2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters.converter.rf.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.te.name
fe.protection.break.PowerConverters.converter.steam.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.nether.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.cube.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.detector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.frame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.beta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.delta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.ore.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Metal Post
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Metal Platform
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.residual.heat.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Residual Heat
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.signal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.stair.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.elevator.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.beta.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Notification Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Glass
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Lever
fe.protection.break.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Module Toggler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cart Assembler
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK External Distributor
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Junction Rail
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Manager
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.break.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.PortalTH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemite
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Seroconverter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Brain Lump
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inspiratron
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Node Monitor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Soul Beacon
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sieve
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Soulforge
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Planar Boundary
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Planar Vortex
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Golem Connector
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                           # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                               # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.bluepower.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Buffer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Database
fe.protection.break.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Circuit Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Copper Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Copper Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.break.bluepower.deployer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Deployer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ejector.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ejector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Filter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flax
fe.protection.break.bluepower.igniter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Igniter
fe.protection.break.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Indigo Flower
fe.protection.break.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Item Detector
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.name
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.inverted.name
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampred.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.break.bluepower.manager.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Manager
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Brick
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Paver
fe.protection.break.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Marble Tile
fe.protection.break.bluepower.project_table.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Project Table
fe.protection.break.bluepower.regulator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Regulator
fe.protection.break.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.bluepower.retriever.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Retriever
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silver Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silver Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sorting Machine
fe.protection.break.bluepower.sortron.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sortron
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.break.bluepower.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Block
fe.protection.break.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Ore
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.amber.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.amber.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest0.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest10.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest11.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest12.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest13.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest14.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest15.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest7.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest8.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.chest9.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Present Box
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.road_line.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.tallow.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tallow
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.thaumium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.factorization.Lightair.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.break.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Frame Slider
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Maple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkle Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block Mixer
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Carriage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Door Factory
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Factory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Garage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jail Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mixed Block
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.null.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Player Sensor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Saloon Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shoji Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Chopper
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Crafter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Generator
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Killer
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Miner
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Planter
fe.protection.break.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Planter
fe.protection.break.props.blockFake.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.props.blockProps.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Secret Gate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ghost Block
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK One-Way Glass
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Secret lever
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Secret Redstone
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Secret Chest
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Secret Stairs
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Solid Air
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch Lever
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wraith Node
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                      # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Altar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Conduit
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Crucible
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Demon's Chest
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Table
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mimic Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Schematic Saver
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Filled Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Portal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Container
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Speed Rune
fe.protection.interact.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Allium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aurigold
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cuprosia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Daisy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dandelion
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Diamahlia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Emeryllis
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ferranium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapender
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Niccissus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nitor Wart
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orchid
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Osmonium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Petinia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Platiolus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plombean
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Poppy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Potato
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstodendron
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silverweed
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sugarcane
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Taint Root
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.interact.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bones.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crag Rock
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Vines
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Sand
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Long Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petals.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plants.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Moss
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Willow
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramic.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flower.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.loam.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.loam.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.plant.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.soil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botany.stained.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.buildToolBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Builder
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blueprint Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.markerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.pathMarkerBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.engineBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.frameBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.machineBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.requester.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.zonePlan.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Networking Cable
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.AppleBox.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Box
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.Charcoalcontainer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Charcoal Container
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.EHandle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Manual Charge Generator
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.GunpowderContainer.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.gunpowderContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.VegiBag.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.vegiBag.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.advProsessor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hyper Jaw Crusher
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basket.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.basket.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.batBox.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Charger Block
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockBarrel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Barrel
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlJP.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlockJP.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedony.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chalcedony Block
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLampOp.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chalcedony Opaque Lamp
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyPanel.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chalcedony Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateGift.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Gift
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clamSand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.clamSand.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerBottleW.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water Bottle Container
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerSaddle.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Saddle Container
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cropMint.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mint Crops
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyCup.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Tea Cup
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyPanG.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Clay Pan
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.evaporator.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Evaporator
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flintBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flint Block
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gelBatContainer.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chargeable Battery Box
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceMaker.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Maker
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incenseBase.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Base
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.largeBottle.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alcohol Bottle
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.lightGel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yuzu Light Gel
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.logYuzu.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yuzu Log
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonBomb.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Melon
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonSilky.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Silky Melon
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.prosessor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Food Processor
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.redGel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stone Gel
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.rotaryDial.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rotary Dial Phone
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingYuzu.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yuzu Sapling
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.soupPan3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Fondue
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerBlack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tea Maker
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerNext.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Maker
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaTree.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Tree
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppanII.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Iron Plate
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppann.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.cookingIronPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.name
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large paper Box
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.woodPanel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Particle Board
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuBatContainer.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yuzu Battery Complex
fe.protection.interact.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuFence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Thorny Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender IO
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rail
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Storage
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.door.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to the 'Deep Dark'
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peaceful Table
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Star Block
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Planks
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log7.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.log8.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stained.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery Table
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compost Bin
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Proxy
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Small Fire
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Lantern
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lattice
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Chain
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Candelilla
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Strange Plant
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Post
fe.protection.interact.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Post Fence
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.Genetics.machine.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Altar.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Slab
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Night Stone
fe.protection.interact.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.GregsBlocks.sawbench.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sawbench
fe.protection.interact.GregsBlocks.shape.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Shaped Block
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCable.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockCable.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockCrop.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockElectric.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockHarz.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockITNT.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockNuke.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockWall.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Generator
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.biofuel.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.cable.plastic.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.cable.redstone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.detcord.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.meat.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.milk.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.mobessence.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.pinkslime.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.plastic.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.logic.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.sewage.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.sludge.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.mfr.steam.still.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.vinescaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Book Binder
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Book Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bookstand
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Effect
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ink Mixer
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lectern
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Link Modifier
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Star Fissure
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Link Portal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Writing Desk
fe.protection.interact.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.sky.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT PIM
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters.converter.common.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters.converter.fz.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.factorization.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters.converter.ic2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters.converter.rf.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.te.name
fe.protection.interact.PowerConverters.converter.steam.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.anvil.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.nether.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.cube.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.detector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.frame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.glass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.beta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.delta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.ore.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Post
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Platform
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.residual.heat.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Residual Heat
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.signal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.stair.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.elevator.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.beta.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Notification Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Glass
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Lever
fe.protection.interact.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Module Toggler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Assembler
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT External Distributor
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Junction Rail
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Manager
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.PortalTH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemite
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Seroconverter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Brain Lump
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiratron
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Node Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Beacon
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sieve
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Soulforge
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Boundary
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Vortex
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Connector
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.buffer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Buffer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Database
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Circuit Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.deployer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Deployer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ejector.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ejector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Filter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flax
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.igniter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Igniter
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Indigo Flower
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.item_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Item Detector
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.name
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.inverted.name
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampred.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.manager.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Manager
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Brick
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Paver
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Tile
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.project_table.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Project Table
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.regulator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Regulator
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.retriever.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Retriever
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sorting Machine
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.sortron.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sortron
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tiles.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Block
fe.protection.interact.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Ore
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.amber.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.amber.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest0.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest10.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest11.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest12.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest13.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest14.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest15.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest7.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest8.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.chest9.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Present Box
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.road_line.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tallow.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tallow
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.thaumium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                 # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.factorization.Lightair.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.interact.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Slider
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Maple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkle Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block Mixer
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carriage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Door Factory
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mixed Block
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.null.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Player Sensor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Saloon Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shoji Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Chopper
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Crafter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Generator
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Killer
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Miner
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Planter
fe.protection.interact.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Planter
fe.protection.interact.props.blockFake.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.props.blockProps.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Gate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ghost Block
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT One-Way Glass
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Secret lever
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Redstone
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Chest
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Stairs
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Air
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch Lever
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wraith Node
fe.protection.place.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.place.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockAdvSolarPanel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.AdvancedSolarPanel.BlockMolecularTransformer.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aurigold
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCinderpearl.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cuprosia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diamahlia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Emeryllis
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ferranium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapender
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Niccissus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nitor Wart
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Osmonium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Petinia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Platiolus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plombean
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstodendron
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShimmerleaf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverweed
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTaintedRoot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Taint Root
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropVishroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodClock2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancySign2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstBookcase2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstcase1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstcase1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstdesk2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstlabel2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstpotshelf2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstrack2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstrack2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFstshelf2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodFsttable2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFsttable2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4b.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsForestry.BiblioWoodSeat2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSea2t.name
fe.protection.place.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.appleLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ash.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ashStone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bamboo.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.biomeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bones.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bones.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.bopGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cherryStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedLeaves2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedLeaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.colorizedSaplings.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.colorizedSaplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.coral2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.cragRock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crag Rock
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.darkStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.driedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dried Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.etherealStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.firStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flesh.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowerVine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Vines
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.flowers2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.foliage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.foliage.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.gemOre.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gemOre.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.grave.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Dirt
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardIce.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hardSand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Sand
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hellBarkStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hell_blood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.hive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.honeyBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.ivy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.jacarandaStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.leaves4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs3.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.logs4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs4.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.longGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Long Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.magicStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mahoganyStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mangroveStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.moss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mud.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mudBricksStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.mushrooms.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mushrooms.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopDirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopDirt.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.newBopGrass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.newBopGrass.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.originGrass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Origin Grass Block
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.overgrownNetherrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Overgrown Netherrack
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.palmStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.persimmonLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Leaves
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.petals.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.petals.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.pineStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.plants.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.plants.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.poison.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.redwoodStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.rocks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.rocks.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.sacredoakStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.saplings.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.saplings.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneDoubleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneFormations.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneFormations.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.stoneSingleSlab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.treeMoss.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tree Moss
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.turnip.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turnip
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Willow
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.willowStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.wisteria.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wisteria
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenDoubleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenDoubleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.BiomesOPlenty.woodenSingleSlab2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodenSingleSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramic.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramic.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.ceramicPattern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceramicPattern.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flower.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.flowerbed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.loam.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.loam.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.plant.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Botany.stained.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.buildToolBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blueprint Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.markerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.pathMarkerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.engineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.requester.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.AppleBox.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Box
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.Charcoalcontainer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Charcoal Container
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.EHandle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Manual Charge Generator
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.GunpowderContainer.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.gunpowderContainer.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.VegiBag.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.vegiBag.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.WoodBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.advProsessor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hyper Jaw Crusher
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.alcoholCup.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basket.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.basket.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.batBox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Charger Block
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockBarrel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Barrel
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.blockCamOil.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.blockCordial.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.blockDummyAlcohol2.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.blockVegiOil.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlock.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlJP.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.bowlBlockJP.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.bowlRack.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cardboardBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cassisTree.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedony.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chalcedony Block
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLamp.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyLampOp.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chalcedony Opaque Lamp
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyPanel.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chalcedony Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateGift.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Gift
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.chopsticksBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clamSand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.clamSand.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cocktail2.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cocktailSP.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerBottleW.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Bottle Container
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containerSaddle.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Saddle Container
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.cropMint.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mint Crops
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.eggBasket.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.emptyBottle.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyCup.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Empty Tea Cup
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.emptyPanG.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clay Pan
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.evaporator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Evaporator
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.filledCup2.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.filledSoupPan.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flintBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flint Block
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.foodPlate.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gelBatContainer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chargeable Battery Box
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.iceCreamBlock.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.iceMaker.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Maker
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incenseBase.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Incense Base
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.largeBottle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alcohol Bottle
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.leavesYuzu.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.lightGel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yuzu Light Gel
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.logYuzu.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yuzu Log
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonBomb.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Melon
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.melonSilky.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Silky Melon
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.mobDropBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.mushroomBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.prosessor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Food Processor
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.redGel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Gel
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.rotaryDial.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rotary Dial Phone
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.saplingTea.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.saplingYuzu.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yuzu Sapling
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.soupPan3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Fondue
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerBlack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Tea Maker
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaMakerNext.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tea Maker
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teaTree.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tea Tree
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppanII.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Iron Plate
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.teppann.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.cookingIronPlate.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defeatedcrow.wipeBox.name
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.wipeBox2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large paper Box
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.woodPanel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Particle Board
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuBatContainer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Yuzu Battery Complex
fe.protection.place.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuFence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Thorny Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAlloySmelter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockAttractor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockBuffer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBuffer.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapBank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCapBank.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCapacitorBank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor Bank (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCombustionGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitBundle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockConduitFacade.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockConduitFacade.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockCrafter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkIronBars.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelAnvil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDarkSteelAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelLadder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockDarkSteelPressurePlate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockElectricLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockElectricLight.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderIo.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender IO
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEnderRail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rail
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockEndermanSkull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockExperienceObelisk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFarmStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFire_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockFusedQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHootch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockHyperCube.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockIngotStorage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Storage
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockKillerJoe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockLightNode.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockLightNode.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockNutrient_distillation.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedCarpet.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedDoubleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPaintedSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedFenceGate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedGlowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedSlab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedStair.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPaintedWall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPainter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPowerMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockPoweredSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReinforcedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockReservoir.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Reservoir
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockRocket_fuel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSagMill.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSliceAndSplice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSolarPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSoulBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockSpawnGuard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockStirlingGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockTravelAnchor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVacuumChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockVat.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockWirelessCharger.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.EnderIO.blockZombieGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.carpentry.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.door.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.door.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.doubleSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.fence.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.gate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.log.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.multifence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.multifence.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.panel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.carpentry.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.slab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stainedglass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.ExtraTrees.stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Portal to the 'Deep Dark'
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog5.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog6.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog7.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofLog8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofLog8.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofPlanks1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fireproofPlanks2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fireproofPlanks2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log5.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log6.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log7.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.log8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.log8.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs1.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs3.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs4.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stained.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stained.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.decorative_pot.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.decorativePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.large_pot_colored.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.largePotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPot.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.medium_pot_colored.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.mediumPotColored.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.pottery_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Table
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.stone_window_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.stoneWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenContainers.wood_window_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardencontainers.woodWindowBox.name
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.compost_bin.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compost Bin
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tilled Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_proxy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Garden Proxy
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.garden_soil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.GardenCore.small_fire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Small Fire
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.bloomery_furnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloomery Furnace
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.candelabra.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Fence
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.heavy_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.hoop.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Hoop
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lantern.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Garden Lantern
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.lattice_wood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lattice
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.light_chain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Chain
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.metal_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Wrought Iron
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.moss_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.root_cover.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardenstuff.rootCover.name
fe.protection.place.GardenStuff.stone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.candelilla_bush.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Candelilla
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.ivy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Ivy
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gardentrees.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.strange_plant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Strange Plant
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Post
fe.protection.place.GardenTrees.thin_log_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Post Fence
fe.protection.place.Genetics.labMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.labMachine.name
fe.protection.place.Genetics.machine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bone Slab
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bone Stairs
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Night Stone
fe.protection.place.GraviSuite.BlockRelocatorPortal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.GregsBlocks.sawbench.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sawbench
fe.protection.place.GregsBlocks.shape.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shaped Block
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCable.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockWall.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.biofuel.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.cable.plastic.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.cable.redstone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.chocolatemilk.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.detcord.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.meat.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.milk.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.mobessence.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.mushroomsoup.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.pinkslime.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.pinkslime.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.plastic.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.logic.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.sewage.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.sludge.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.mfr.steam.still.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.tank.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.vinescaffold.name
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.place.ObsidiPlates.ObsidianPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.sky.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters.converter.common.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.common.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters.converter.fz.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.factorization.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters.converter.ic2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.ic2.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters.converter.rf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.te.name
fe.protection.place.PowerConverters.converter.steam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.powerconverters.steam.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.nether.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.cube.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.detector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.frame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.beta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.delta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Metal Post
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Metal Platform
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.residual.heat.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.signal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.stair.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.track.elevator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.wall.beta.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.tile.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.place.RedstoneArsenal.Storage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockActivator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockAdvDetector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCargoManager.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockCartAssembler.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDetector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockJunction.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockLiquidManager.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.BlockMetalStorage.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.place.StevesCarts.upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.fullDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.halfDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersBop.trim.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersbop.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers1_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers2_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.fullDrawers4_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers2_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.halfDrawers4_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawersMisc.trim_1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.storagedrawersmisc.trim.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.PortalTH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brain Lump
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Planar Vortex
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.aspectAnalyzer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aspectalyzer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.golemConnector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Golem Connector
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                           # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.autopackager.packagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.packagerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.bluepower.alloyfurnace.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Furnace
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.amethyst_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Small Basalt Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_cobble.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Cobble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basalt_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.basaltbrick_cracked.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.block_breaker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.bluepower.buffer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Buffer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_database.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Database
fe.protection.place.bluepower.circuit_table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Circuit Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Copper Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.copper_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Copper Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.cracked_basalt_lava.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Basalt
fe.protection.place.bluepower.deployer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Deployer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ejector.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ejector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_basalt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Basalt Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.fancy_marble.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Filter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.flax_crop.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flax
fe.protection.place.bluepower.igniter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Igniter
fe.protection.place.bluepower.indigo_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Indigo Flower
fe.protection.place.bluepower.item_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Detector
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampRGB.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.name
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblack.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampblue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampbrown.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampcyan.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgray.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampgreen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedRGB.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bluepower:lamp.rgb.inverted.name
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Black Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedblue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Brown Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Cyan Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Green Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_blue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlight_gray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedlime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedorange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedred.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampinvertedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_blue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplight_gray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamplime.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampmagenta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamporange.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppink.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lamppurple.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampred.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampwhite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.lampyellow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Lamp
fe.protection.place.bluepower.manager.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Manager
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Brick
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_brick_small.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Small Marble Bricks
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_paver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Paver
fe.protection.place.bluepower.marble_tile.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Tile
fe.protection.place.bluepower.project_table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Project Table
fe.protection.place.bluepower.regulator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Regulator
fe.protection.place.bluepower.reinforced_sapphire_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.bluepower.retriever.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Retriever
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.ruby_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_glass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Glass
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sapphire_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silver Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.silver_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silver Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sorting_machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sorting Machine
fe.protection.place.bluepower.sortron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sortron
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.teslatite_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Teslatite Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tiles.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Basalt and Marble Tiles
fe.protection.place.bluepower.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.tungsten_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Block
fe.protection.place.bluepower.zinc_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Ore
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.amber.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.amber.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodRune.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest0.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest11.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest12.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest13.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest14.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest15.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.chest9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Present Box
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.road_line.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.tallow.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.thaumium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.factorization.DarkIronOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.factorization.FracturedBedrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.factorization.FzBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.factorization.Lightair.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightair.name
fe.protection.place.factorization.ResourceBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.factorization.ResourceBlock.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:moving.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frame Slider
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Maple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkle Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.block_mixer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Mixer
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.forcefieldDoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.mixed_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mixed Block
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.null.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.player_sensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyLadder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.vanishing_block.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.vanishing_block_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Vanishing Frame
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Chopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.ChopperStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Chopper
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Crafter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.CrafterStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Crafter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Farmer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerIron.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.FarmerStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Animal Farmer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Generator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorIron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.GeneratorStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Generator
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Killer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerIron.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.KillerStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Killer
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Miner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerIron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.MinerStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Miner
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.Planter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterIron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Planter
fe.protection.place.progressiveautomation.PlanterStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Planter
fe.protection.place.props.blockFake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.props.blockProps.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.qmunitylib.qmunitylib.blocks.multipart.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.qmunitylib:multipart.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Secret Gate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ghost Block
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE One-Way Glass
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Secret lever
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Redstone
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Secret Chest
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Secret Stairs
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Solid Air
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch Lever
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-1/2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/-2/2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/0/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/1/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.lava/2/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-1/-2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-1/2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/-2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/-2/2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/-2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/0/2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/1/2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.water/2/2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wraith Node
