#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#

#// --------------- 24.03 21:49 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 28319 --------- \\#

#// --------------- 04.03 10:30 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 27167 --------- \\#

#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aether
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Flask
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aquasalus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Offensa
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Ash
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Axe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Shovel
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Life
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orb of Testing
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crepitous
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallos
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Divination Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Blaster
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Blade
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Incendium
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Router
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Key of Binding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magicales
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sanctus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Terrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sunnarium
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clipper
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clipping
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.nuggetQuartz.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Shard
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Allium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedAurigold.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Black Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Brown Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Cyan Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGray.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Green Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Light Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightGray.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Light Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLime.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Lime Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaMagenta.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Magenta Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Orange Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPink.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Pink Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Purple Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaRed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Red Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical White Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Yellow Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCinderpearl.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cinderpearl Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedCuprosia.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cuprosia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedDiamahlia.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamahlia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedEmeryllis.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Emeryllis Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedFerranium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ferranium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedJaslumine.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jaslumine Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedLapender.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapender Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedNiccissus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Niccissus Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedNitorWart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nitor Wart Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedOsmonium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Osmonium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPetinia.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Petinia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPlatiolus.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Platiolus Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPlombean.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plombean Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedQuartzanthemum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Quartzanthemum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedRedstodendron.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstodendron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedShimmerleaf.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shimmerleaf Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedSilverweed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silverweed Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTaintedRoot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Taint Root Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.seedVishroom.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vishroom Spores
fe.protection.craft.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.craft.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.craft.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.craft.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Ring
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Staff
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Axe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Essence
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Radar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Boots
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dart
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dart Blower
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enderporter
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flippers
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Berry
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Brick
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Ball
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Muddy Sword
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.craft.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wading Boots
fe.protection.craft.Botania.aesirRing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of the Aesir
fe.protection.craft.Botania.ancientWill.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.craft.Botania.auraRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Band of Aura
fe.protection.craft.Botania.auraRingGreater.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.craft.Botania.autocraftingHalo.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.craft.Botania.baubleBox.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bauble Case
fe.protection.craft.Botania.blackHoleTalisman.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.craft.Botania.blackLotus.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Lotus
fe.protection.craft.Botania.bloodPendant.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Blood Pendant

fe.protection.craft.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Fallback (��l6��r)
fe.protection.craft.Botania.brewVial.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vial of Fallback (��l4��r)

fe.protection.craft.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.craft.Botania.brewVial.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)

fe.protection.craft.Botania.cacophonium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cacophonium
fe.protection.craft.Botania.clip.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lens Clip
fe.protection.craft.Botania.cobbleRod.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.craft.Botania.corporeaSpark.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Corporea Spark
fe.protection.craft.Botania.cosmetic.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bowtie
fe.protection.craft.Botania.craftPattern.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.craft.Botania.craftingHalo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Assembly Halo
fe.protection.craft.Botania.crystalBow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Bow
fe.protection.craft.Botania.dice.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dice of Fate
fe.protection.craft.Botania.dirtRod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.craft.Botania.divaCharm.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.craft.Botania.diviningRod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Floral White Powder
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Axe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Boots
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumChest.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumHelm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumHelmReveal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumPick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumShears.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Shears
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Botania.elementiumSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Sword
fe.protection.craft.Botania.enderDagger.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Soulscribe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.enderHand.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hand of Ender
fe.protection.craft.Botania.exchangeRod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.craft.Botania.fertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.Botania.fireRod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Hells

fe.protection.craft.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fl?gel Tiara
fe.protection.craft.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of the Fl?gel

fe.protection.craft.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.craft.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of the Flügel

fe.protection.craft.Botania.gaiaHead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.craft.Botania.glassPick.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.goldenLaurel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Laurel Crown
fe.protection.craft.Botania.grassHorn.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.craft.Botania.grassSeeds.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Botania.gravityRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.craft.Botania.holyCloak.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.craft.Botania.icePendant.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.craft.Botania.incenseStick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Stick
fe.protection.craft.Botania.infiniteFruit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.craft.Botania.itemFinder.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT The Spectator
fe.protection.craft.Botania.keepIvy.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.craft.Botania.kingKey.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.craft.Botania.knockbackBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.laputaShard.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.craft.Botania.lavaPendant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.craft.Botania.lens.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Lens
fe.protection.craft.Botania.lexicon.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lexica Botania
fe.protection.craft.Botania.livingwoodBow.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.Botania.lokiRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Loki
fe.protection.craft.Botania.magnetRing.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.craft.Botania.magnetRingGreater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaBottle.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaCookie.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaGun.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Blaster
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaInkwell.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaMirror.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaResource.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Band of Mana
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaRingGreater.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaTablet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Tablet
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelHelmReveal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelPick.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelShears.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manasteelSword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaweaveBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaweaveChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaweaveHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.craft.Botania.manaweaveLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.craft.Botania.miningRing.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.missileRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.craft.Botania.monocle.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.obedienceStick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.craft.Botania.odinRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Odin
fe.protection.craft.Botania.openBucket.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Botania.overgrowthSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.craft.Botania.pestleAndMortar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.craft.Botania.petal.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.craft.Botania.phantomInk.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Ink
fe.protection.craft.Botania.pinkinator.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT The Pinkinator
fe.protection.craft.Botania.pixieRing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.craft.Botania.poolMinecart.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.craft.Botania.quartz.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.Botania.rainbowRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.craft.Botania.reachRing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.craft.Botania.recordGaia1.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.Botania.recordGaia2.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.Botania.regenIvy.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Timeless Ivy
fe.protection.craft.Botania.rune.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rune of Water
fe.protection.craft.Botania.sextant.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.craft.Botania.signalFlare.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Flare
fe.protection.craft.Botania.skyDirtRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.craft.Botania.slimeBottle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Botania.slingshot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.craft.Botania.smeltRod.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.craft.Botania.spark.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spark
fe.protection.craft.Botania.sparkUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.craft.Botania.spawnerMover.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Life Aggregator
fe.protection.craft.Botania.speedUpBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.craft.Botania.spellCloth.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.Botania.starSword.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Starcaller
fe.protection.craft.Botania.superLavaPendant.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.craft.Botania.superTravelBelt.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.craft.Botania.swapRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Correction
fe.protection.craft.Botania.temperanceStone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terraAxe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Truncator
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terraPick.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terraSword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Blade
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terraformRod.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terrasteelBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terrasteelChest.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terrasteelHelm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terrasteelHelmReveal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Botania.terrasteelLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Botania.thorRing.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Thor
fe.protection.craft.Botania.thornChakram.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.craft.Botania.thunderSword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thundercaller
fe.protection.craft.Botania.tinyPlanet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Planet
fe.protection.craft.Botania.tornadoRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.craft.Botania.travelBelt.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.craft.Botania.twigWand.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.craft.Botania.unholyCloak.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.craft.Botania.vial.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Managlass Vial
fe.protection.craft.Botania.vineBall.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vine Ball
fe.protection.craft.Botania.virus.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.craft.Botania.waterBowl.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Water
fe.protection.craft.Botania.waterRing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.craft.Botania.waterRod.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.craft.Botania.worldSeed.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT World Seed
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Template
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT List
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Map Location
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Board
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Robot
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Docking Station
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gate Copier
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Gate
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lens (Black)
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Plug
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Adapter
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pocket Computer
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleSandwich.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleTart.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Tart
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bakedApple.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Apple
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Water Bowl
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.battery.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Disposable Battery
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleCamOil.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Camellia Oil Bottle
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleVegiOil.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Oil Bottle
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketCamOil.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Camellia Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketVegiOil.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketYoungAlcohol.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Young Shothu Bucket
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyKnife.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chalcedony Knife
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyShears.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pruning Shears
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyStoneCutter.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chalcedony Stone Cutter
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateFruits.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Almond Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticks.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chopsticks
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.circuit_chalcedony.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chalcedony Electron Circuit
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clam.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Clam
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.condensedMilk.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Candy
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorI.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bundle of Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorW.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bundle of Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.debugArm.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.defeatedcrow.debugArm.name
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyPlate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Plate Mode
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dustWood.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Dust
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.essentialOil.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Essential Oil (Apple)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.firestarter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Starter
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodTea.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Green Tea Leaves
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilCannon.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fossil Cannon
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilScale.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fossil Scale
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gratedApple.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Grated Apple
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.grater.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grater
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Icy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyToffyApple.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Icy Toffee Apple
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_aloeswood.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Tranquilizer)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_apple.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Jump)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_clam.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Growth)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_frankincense.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Sanctum)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_ice.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Freeze)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_lavender.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Calm)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_mint.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Haste)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_rose.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Heal)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_sandalwood.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Hypnotic)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_vanilla.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Fermentation)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_yuzu.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Cone (Clear)
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.inkStick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Stick
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemBottle.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shothu Bottle
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemCordial.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Liqueur Bottle
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.jawPlate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sterilized Jaw Plate
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leafTea.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tea Leaves
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.milkCandy.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Condensed Milk
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mincedFoods.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Minced Mushrooms
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.monocle.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chalcedony Monocle
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.moromi.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Moromi
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.onixSword.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Onyx Sword
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.oreDust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.princessClam.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Princess Clam
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.seedMint.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Seeds
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.slotPanel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Slot Panel
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.stickCarbon.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Stick
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.strangeSlag.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Strange Slag
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.toffyApple.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Toffee Apple
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yeast.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Yeast
fe.protection.craft.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuGatling.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Yuzu Gatling Gun
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn 
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Shard
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chaotic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Comet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Axe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Bow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Sword
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Heart
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Arrow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Item Dislocator
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Soul
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Focus
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT TCLogo
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Binder
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.Enchiridion.items.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.guide.name
fe.protection.craft.Enchiridion2.book.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT book
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Axe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Boots
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Plate
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Helm
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Leggings
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Pick
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Shears
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT The Ender
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Spawner
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Facade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Probe
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT "Enderios"
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enderface
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Chassis
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electromagnet
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Powder
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Vial
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Rod
fe.protection.craft.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.Blot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.bolt.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.BowLimb.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.bow.limb.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.CrossbowBody.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.crossbow.body.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.CrossbowLimb.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.crossbow.limb.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.arrowhead.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.arrowhead.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.axeHead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.axe.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.battelSign.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.battle.sign.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.binding.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.binding.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.chiselHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.chisel.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.chunk.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.chunk.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.crossbar.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.crossbar.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.drulloyIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Drulloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.excavatorHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.excavator.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.extra.bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.extratic.bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.frypanHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.frypan.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.fullGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.full.guard.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.funStuffIngot.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.gear.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.extratic.gear.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.hammerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.hammer.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.knifeBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.knife.blade.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.largeGuard.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.large.guard.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.largeSwordBlade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.large.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.largeplate.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.largeplate.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.lumberaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.lumberaxe.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.mediumGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.medium.guard.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.pickaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.pickaxe.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.scytheHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.scythe.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.shovelHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.shovel.head.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.shuriken.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.shuriken.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.swordBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.toolrod.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.toolrod.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.toughbind.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.toughbind.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraTiC.toughrod.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.default.toughrod.name
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Ring
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Axe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Division Sigil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Etheric Sword
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Coil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ERR
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soul fragment
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Shears
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrath Shard
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Riding Crop
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Collar of Pain
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hexcoal
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.craft.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Rod
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Drone
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Princess
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Queen
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canOil.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carton
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Catalogue
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crate
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Untreated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Locator
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Drop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Pot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Imprinter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infuser
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mulch
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectacles
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pipette
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Propolis
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scoop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soldering Iron
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Treealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Cast
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Pulp
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.craft.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Trowel
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.craft.GardenCore.wax.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wax
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Candle
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Moss Paste
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Candelilla
fe.protection.craft.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.craft.GraveStone.Chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gravestone Chisel
fe.protection.craft.GraveStone.Corpse.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.corpse.villager
fe.protection.craft.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT1.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.backpack.undertaker.t1
fe.protection.craft.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.backpack.undertaker.t2
fe.protection.craft.GraveStone.SpawnEgg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Zombie Dog
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT GraviTool
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT itemSuperConductorCover.name
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Relocator
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.sonicLauncher.name
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.craft.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vajra
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Composite Vest
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT BatPack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Backpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energypack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Chaff
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hydration Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Credit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Item
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plantball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grin Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Resin
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lathing Tool
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zero
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Coffee
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mug
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT CF Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Chunk
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coil
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT OV Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shard
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slag
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Static Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Wart
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Hammer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT EU-Reader
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Laser
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 238
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weed
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weed-EX
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Memory
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obscurator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Windmeter
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Text Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Time Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Head
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Holey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Casing
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jerrycan
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Treated Stick
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Railgun
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Revolver
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shader
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler

fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ��8Black Balloon

fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Configuration Card
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Formula
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper

fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ��8Black Glow Panel

fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Essence Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.glass.helm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sunglasses
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Bag
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Boots
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.chest.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Breastplate
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Cup
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.helm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.legs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Plastic
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT PortaSpawner
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cannon
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Record
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT RedNet Meter
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Bar
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rubber
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ruler
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spyglass
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Straw
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Growth Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Health Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.craft.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT XP Extractor
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.agebook.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Descriptive Book
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.booster.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.folder.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Collation Folder
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.glasses.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Linking Book
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.page.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Page
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.vial.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Vial
fe.protection.craft.Mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Writing Desk
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Data Card
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Draw Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Circuit Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Recipe Plan
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Athame
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Backpack
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Gin
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT IC Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT IC Chip
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT OR Gate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Router Utility
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Responder chip
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Batbox Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT CESU Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MFE Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Capsule
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Painter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Grower
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Letter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Block Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Ginto
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Poison
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Player Core
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Force
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sound Recorder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Boots
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Binder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Stone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.linker.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Linker (Link Mode)
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.playerRelocator.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Player Relocator
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.relocator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Relocator
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.relocatorModule.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Module Base
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.sortingUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sorting Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RefinedRelocation.toolbox.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Concealment Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Packing Tape
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Drawer Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeSorting.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgradeSorting.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Template
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Void Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Battleaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutlass
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Fletching
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Frying Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gear Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Canister
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knapsack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lumber Axe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Stack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Launcher
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Funguar
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Focus Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Stone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Door
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Taint
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of Bone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Phial
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Straw Golem
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Bean
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Crusher
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Research Notes
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Alumentum
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Protection
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sanity Checker
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Shard
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Blade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumometer
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Air Arrow
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Cap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Amber Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.charmTaint.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Band
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Air
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Taintberry
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cow
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.vat.name
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incubated Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Animated Golem
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Injector
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lens Case
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Illumine Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Echo Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Node Opener
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Planar Conduit
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Suicide Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Warded Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Putty
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Feline Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transvector Binder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Grain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Aer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ichor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Aspect
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Protoclay
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Mould
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cover
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Filter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Retriever
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Chiller
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Schematic

fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Florb (Empty��r)

fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Igniter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT FluiVac
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Satchel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sword
fe.protection.craft.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Fur
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Hood
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Borer Essence
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Block and Chain
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life I
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life II
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crumble Horn
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Experiment 115
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Blood
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Tears
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Chop
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bomb
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Liveroot
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Beans
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Wafer
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mazebreaker
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meef
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Steak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Magnet
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Seeker Bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raven's Feather
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Torchberries
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tower Key
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Transformation Powder
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tri-bow
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Venison Steak
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Boots
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Private Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Remote
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT REP
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT REther Pearl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bowl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Gem
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Kama
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sweetwart
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yarn
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Greataxe ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Boots ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Cuirass ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Warhammer ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Helm ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Greaves ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Claymore ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.craft.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedCobalt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedMithril.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedOsmium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyAluminium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Mithril Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustUranium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Shard
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Ball - White

fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT 2? Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT 2³ Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT View Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biometric Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Staff
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cannon
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Network Tool
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impulse Boots
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.craft.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Smashing Rock
fe.protection.craft.chisel.upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.craft.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Almond
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Almond Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Turnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bakeware
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Baklava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Split
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Bass
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Batter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Battered Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beans and Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beans on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Wellington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT BLT
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Boiled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Braised Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brownie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bubbly Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Buttered Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT California Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Apple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Catfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chai Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Charr
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chiko Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Poppers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chorizo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Citrus Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cola Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cornbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cornflakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cottage Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cracker
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cream Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Croissant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Custard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Board
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Damper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Date
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Delighted Meal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dim Sum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dough
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Durian
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Edible Root
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Eel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Nog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drink
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Espresso
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fig
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Firm Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flour
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Footlong
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT French Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Frog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Frosted Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Punch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Futo Maki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Garam Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gherkin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Ale
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grain Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Grouper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Grub
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Guacamole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gummy Bears
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Herring
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hotdog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Jaffa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jam Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jellybeans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jelly Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Juicer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ketchup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Keylime Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kimchi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leek
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lemonade
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lime
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mango
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Chutney
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manjuu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Marshmellows
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Marzipan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mayo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT McPam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mince Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Museli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nachoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nutella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Oats
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oats Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Creole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Olive
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooking Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Omelet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orange
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pasta
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pavlova
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT PB&J
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peas and Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peas Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peppercorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peppermint
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pepperoni
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Perch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pickles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pinacolada
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Poached Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Popcorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pot Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Powdered Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pralines
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Queen Bee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Radish Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raisins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Random Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Refried Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Root Beer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salad Dressing
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salmon Patties
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Saucepan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Ball
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Skillet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snapper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Snickers Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spagetti
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Bun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Greens
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steak and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stock
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Suadero
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sunday Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sushi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Taffy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tim Tam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tortilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Trail Mix
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Trout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tuna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Strips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vindaloo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vinegar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Walleye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Waxcomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zeppole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Wire Coil

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ��aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Sword

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Sword

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirEssence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Air Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumEssence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Alumite Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Alumite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blizz Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzEssence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowEssence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ��eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT §eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeEssence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Technicolor Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dye Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldApple.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ��aEmerald Apple

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��fExperience Book

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT §6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §fExperience Book

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceEssence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneEssence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ��bImperio Sword
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ��4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ��bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ��6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT §bImperio Sword
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lumium Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MagicalFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelEssence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynEssence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MinicioSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minicio Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nature Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nature Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigEssence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubyEssence.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubySeeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterEssence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagAccio.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Accio Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagCrucio.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crucio Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagImperio.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Imperio Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagZivicio.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zivicio Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonEssence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TaintedEssence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��8Tainted Essence

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelEssence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinEssence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT ��bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT ��aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterEssence.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Water Seeds
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherEssence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Essence
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Skeleton Seeds

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ��dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.craft.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT §dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT White Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Custom Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Factory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jail Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rusty Handle
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Saloon Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shoji Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.metacycler.item.metawand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.metawand.name
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.openlights.openlights.prismaticPaste.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Prismatic Paste
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Folder
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Shreds
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Ink
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Color Ink
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Security Door
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Private Security Door
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.CoalPellet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Pellet
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.CobbleUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cobble Gen Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.CreativeRFEngine.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creative RF Engine
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.DiamondUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.FillerUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Filler Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.FilterAdultUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adult Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.FilterAnimalUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Animal Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.FilterMobUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.FilterPlayerUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Player Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.IronUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.MilkerUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Milker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.RFEngine.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT RF Engine
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.ShearingUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shearing Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.StoneUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WitherDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Diamond
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WitherIron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Iron
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WitherStone.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Stone
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WitherUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WitherWood.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Wood
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.WoodUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.progressiveautomation.Wrench.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT PA Wrench
fe.protection.craft.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blindness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Button Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clock Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Developers Delight
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Template
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flight Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Diamond
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.craft.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Information Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orphaning Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peace Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peaceful Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.craft.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Security Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shape Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shard Wand
fe.protection.craft.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Slowness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Smart Wrench
fe.protection.craft.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT unknown.name
fe.protection.craft.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Syringe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Text Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Weakness Module
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aer Fragment
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ��eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redlon Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diffusion Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.craft.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arthana
fe.protection.craft.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bark Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Beach
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biting Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Boline
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brew Bag
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.craft.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cane Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Brews
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Circle Talisman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coffin
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Hood
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Footwear
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hand of Death
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Robe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Water Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.craft.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Earmuffs
fe.protection.craft.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Goblet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.craft.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Icy Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Candelabra
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Twisting Band
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.craft.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mystic Branch
fe.protection.craft.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Player Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Antidote
fe.protection.craft.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.craft.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Stone
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sun Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Taglock Kit
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Hand
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.alkahest_tome.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Alkahestry
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Angelheart Vial
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Angelic Feather
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Casing
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.condensed_potion.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Condensed Splash Serum
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emperor's Chalice
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Staff
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coin of Fortune
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glacial Staff
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowing Bread
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowing Water
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grip Assembly
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Handgun
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.green}}Harvest Rod
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.heart_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Heart Pearl
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Nian Zhu
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hero's Medallion
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Holy Hand Grenade
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Magus Rod
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Infernal Chalice
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.red}}Infernal Claws
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.red}}Infernal Tear
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kraken Shell
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.yellow}}Lantern Of Paranoia
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Magazine
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Magicbane
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cross of Mercy
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Touchstone of Midas
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rib Bone
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Phoenix Down
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.red}}Pyromancer's Staff
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.yellow}}Rending Gale
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of Lyssa
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Salamander's Eye
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.green}}Serpent Staff
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shears of Winter
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sojourner's Staff
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Twilight Cloak
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Void Tear
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Void Tear
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT {{!colors.yellow}}Witch Hat
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Witherless Rose
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aether
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potion Flask
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aquasalus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blank Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Offensa
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Ash
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bound Axe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bound Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Shovel
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Life
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orb of Testing
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crepitous
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crystallos
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Demon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Divination Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Blaster
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Blade
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Incendium
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Router
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Key of Binding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magicales
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sanctus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Terrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sunnarium
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Clipper
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Clipping
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crop Sticks
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.nuggetQuartz.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Shard
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Allium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedAurigold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Black Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlue.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBrown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Brown Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaCyan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Cyan Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGray.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Green Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Light Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightGray.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Light Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Lime Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaMagenta.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Magenta Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaOrange.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Orange Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPink.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Pink Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPurple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Purple Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaRed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Red Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mystical White Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaYellow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Yellow Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCinderpearl.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cinderpearl Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedCuprosia.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cuprosia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedDiamahlia.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamahlia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedEmeryllis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Emeryllis Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedFerranium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ferranium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedJaslumine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Jaslumine Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedLapender.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapender Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedNiccissus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Niccissus Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedNitorWart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nitor Wart Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedOsmonium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Osmonium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPetinia.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Petinia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPlatiolus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Platiolus Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPlombean.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Plombean Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedQuartzanthemum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Quartzanthemum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedRedstodendron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstodendron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedShimmerleaf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shimmerleaf Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedSilverweed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silverweed Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTaintedRoot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Taint Root Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.seedVishroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vishroom Spores
fe.protection.exist.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.exist.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.exist.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.exist.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Ring
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Staff
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Axe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Essence
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Radar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Boots
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dart
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dart Blower
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enderporter
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flippers
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Berry
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Empty Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mud Brick
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mud Ball
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mud Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Muddy Sword
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.exist.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wading Boots
fe.protection.exist.Botania.aesirRing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ring of the Aesir
fe.protection.exist.Botania.ancientWill.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.exist.Botania.auraRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Band of Aura
fe.protection.exist.Botania.auraRingGreater.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.exist.Botania.autocraftingHalo.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.exist.Botania.baubleBox.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bauble Case
fe.protection.exist.Botania.blackHoleTalisman.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.exist.Botania.blackLotus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Lotus
fe.protection.exist.Botania.bloodPendant.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Blood Pendant

fe.protection.exist.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Fallback (��l6��r)
fe.protection.exist.Botania.brewVial.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vial of Fallback (��l4��r)

fe.protection.exist.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.exist.Botania.brewVial.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)

fe.protection.exist.Botania.cacophonium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cacophonium
fe.protection.exist.Botania.clip.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lens Clip
fe.protection.exist.Botania.cobbleRod.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.exist.Botania.corporeaSpark.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Corporea Spark
fe.protection.exist.Botania.cosmetic.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bowtie
fe.protection.exist.Botania.craftPattern.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.exist.Botania.craftingHalo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Assembly Halo
fe.protection.exist.Botania.crystalBow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Bow
fe.protection.exist.Botania.dice.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dice of Fate
fe.protection.exist.Botania.dirtRod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.exist.Botania.divaCharm.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.exist.Botania.diviningRod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Floral White Powder
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Axe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Boots
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumChest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumHelm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumHelmReveal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumPick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumShears.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Shears
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Botania.elementiumSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Sword
fe.protection.exist.Botania.enderDagger.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Soulscribe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.enderHand.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hand of Ender
fe.protection.exist.Botania.exchangeRod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.exist.Botania.fertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.Botania.fireRod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Hells

fe.protection.exist.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fl?gel Tiara
fe.protection.exist.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eye of the Fl?gel

fe.protection.exist.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.exist.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eye of the Flügel

fe.protection.exist.Botania.gaiaHead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.exist.Botania.glassPick.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.goldenLaurel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Laurel Crown
fe.protection.exist.Botania.grassHorn.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.exist.Botania.grassSeeds.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Botania.gravityRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.exist.Botania.holyCloak.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.exist.Botania.icePendant.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.exist.Botania.incenseStick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Incense Stick
fe.protection.exist.Botania.infiniteFruit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.exist.Botania.itemFinder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST The Spectator
fe.protection.exist.Botania.keepIvy.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.exist.Botania.kingKey.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.exist.Botania.knockbackBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.laputaShard.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.exist.Botania.lavaPendant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.exist.Botania.lens.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mana Lens
fe.protection.exist.Botania.lexicon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lexica Botania
fe.protection.exist.Botania.livingwoodBow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.Botania.lokiRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Loki
fe.protection.exist.Botania.magnetRing.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.exist.Botania.magnetRingGreater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaBottle.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaCookie.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaGun.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mana Blaster
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaInkwell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaMirror.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mana Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaResource.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Band of Mana
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaRingGreater.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaTablet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mana Tablet
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelHelmReveal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelPick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelShears.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manasteelSword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaweaveBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaweaveChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaweaveHelm.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.exist.Botania.manaweaveLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.exist.Botania.miningRing.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.missileRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.exist.Botania.monocle.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.obedienceStick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.exist.Botania.odinRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Odin
fe.protection.exist.Botania.openBucket.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Botania.overgrowthSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.exist.Botania.pestleAndMortar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.exist.Botania.petal.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.exist.Botania.phantomInk.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Ink
fe.protection.exist.Botania.pinkinator.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST The Pinkinator
fe.protection.exist.Botania.pixieRing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.exist.Botania.poolMinecart.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.exist.Botania.quartz.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.Botania.rainbowRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.exist.Botania.reachRing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.exist.Botania.recordGaia1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.Botania.recordGaia2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.Botania.regenIvy.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Timeless Ivy
fe.protection.exist.Botania.rune.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rune of Water
fe.protection.exist.Botania.sextant.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.exist.Botania.signalFlare.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Signal Flare
fe.protection.exist.Botania.skyDirtRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.exist.Botania.slimeBottle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Botania.slingshot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.exist.Botania.smeltRod.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.exist.Botania.spark.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spark
fe.protection.exist.Botania.sparkUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.exist.Botania.spawnerMover.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Life Aggregator
fe.protection.exist.Botania.speedUpBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.exist.Botania.spellCloth.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.Botania.starSword.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Starcaller
fe.protection.exist.Botania.superLavaPendant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.exist.Botania.superTravelBelt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.exist.Botania.swapRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Correction
fe.protection.exist.Botania.temperanceStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terraAxe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Terra Truncator
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terraPick.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terraSword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Terra Blade
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terraformRod.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terrasteelBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terrasteelChest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terrasteelHelm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terrasteelHelmReveal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Botania.terrasteelLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Botania.thorRing.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Thor
fe.protection.exist.Botania.thornChakram.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.exist.Botania.thunderSword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thundercaller
fe.protection.exist.Botania.tinyPlanet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Planet
fe.protection.exist.Botania.tornadoRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.exist.Botania.travelBelt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.exist.Botania.twigWand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.exist.Botania.unholyCloak.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.exist.Botania.vial.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Managlass Vial
fe.protection.exist.Botania.vineBall.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vine Ball
fe.protection.exist.Botania.virus.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.exist.Botania.waterBowl.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Water
fe.protection.exist.Botania.waterRing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.exist.Botania.waterRod.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.exist.Botania.worldSeed.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST World Seed
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Template
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST List
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Map Location
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wood Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Board
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Robot
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Docking Station
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gate Copier
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Basic Gate
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lens (Black)
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Plug
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Adapter
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pocket Computer
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleSandwich.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apple Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleTart.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Tart
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bakedApple.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Baked Apple
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hot Water Bowl
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.battery.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Disposable Battery
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleCamOil.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Camellia Oil Bottle
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleVegiOil.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Oil Bottle
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketCamOil.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Camellia Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketVegiOil.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketYoungAlcohol.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Young Shothu Bucket
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyKnife.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chalcedony Knife
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyShears.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pruning Shears
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyStoneCutter.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chalcedony Stone Cutter
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateFruits.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Almond Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticks.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chopsticks
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.circuit_chalcedony.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chalcedony Electron Circuit
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clam.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Clam
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.condensedMilk.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Milk Candy
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorI.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bundle of Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorW.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bundle of Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.debugArm.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.defeatedcrow.debugArm.name
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fluid
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyPlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Plate Mode
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dustWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Dust
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.essentialOil.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Essential Oil (Apple)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.firestarter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fire Starter
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodTea.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Green Tea Leaves
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilCannon.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fossil Cannon
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilScale.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fossil Scale
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gratedApple.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Grated Apple
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.grater.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grater
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Icy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyToffyApple.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Icy Toffee Apple
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_aloeswood.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Tranquilizer)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_apple.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Jump)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_clam.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Growth)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_frankincense.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Sanctum)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_ice.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Freeze)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_lavender.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Calm)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_mint.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Haste)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_rose.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Heal)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_sandalwood.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Hypnotic)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_vanilla.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Fermentation)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_yuzu.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Incense Cone (Clear)
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.inkStick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ink Stick
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemBottle.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shothu Bottle
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemCordial.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apple Liqueur Bottle
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.jawPlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sterilized Jaw Plate
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leafTea.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tea Leaves
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.milkCandy.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Condensed Milk
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mincedFoods.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Minced Mushrooms
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.monocle.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chalcedony Monocle
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.moromi.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Moromi
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.onixSword.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Onyx Sword
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.oreDust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.princessClam.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Princess Clam
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.seedMint.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mint Seeds
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.slotPanel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Slot Panel
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.stickCarbon.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Stick
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.strangeSlag.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Strange Slag
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.toffyApple.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Toffee Apple
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yeast.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ale Yeast
fe.protection.exist.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuGatling.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Yuzu Gatling Gun
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn 
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Shard
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chaotic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Comet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Axe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Bow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Sword
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Heart
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Arrow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Item Dislocator
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mob Soul
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Solar Focus
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST TCLogo
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Binder
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.Enchiridion.items.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.guide.name
fe.protection.exist.Enchiridion2.book.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST book
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Axe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Boots
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Plate
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dark Helm
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Leggings
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Pick
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dark Shears
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST The Ender
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Broken Spawner
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Facade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Probe
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST "Enderios"
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enderface
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gas Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Machine Chassis
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electromagnet
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silicon
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coal Powder
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soul Vial
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Experience Rod
fe.protection.exist.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.Blot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.default.bolt.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.BowLimb.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.default.bow.limb.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.CrossbowBody.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.default.crossbow.body.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.CrossbowLimb.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.default.crossbow.limb.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.arrowhead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.default.arrowhead.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.axeHead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.default.axe.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.battelSign.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.battle.sign.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.binding.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.default.binding.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.chiselHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.chisel.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.chunk.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.default.chunk.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.crossbar.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.default.crossbar.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.drulloyIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Drulloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.excavatorHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.default.excavator.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.extra.bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.extratic.bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.frypanHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.frypan.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.fullGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.default.full.guard.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.funStuffIngot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.gear.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.extratic.gear.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.hammerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.hammer.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.knifeBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.knife.blade.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.largeGuard.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.large.guard.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.largeSwordBlade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.default.large.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.largeplate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.largeplate.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.lumberaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.default.lumberaxe.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.mediumGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.default.medium.guard.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.pickaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.default.pickaxe.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.scytheHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.scythe.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.shovelHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.shovel.head.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.shuriken.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.default.shuriken.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.swordBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.default.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.toolrod.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.default.toolrod.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.toughbind.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.default.toughbind.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraTiC.toughrod.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.default.toughrod.name
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Angel Ring
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Healing Axe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Division Sigil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Etheric Sword
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Heating Coil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST ERR
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soul fragment
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Portable Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Precision Shears
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrath Shard
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Riding Crop
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Collar of Pain
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hexcoal
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.exist.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Rod
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apatite
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Drone
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Princess
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Queen
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Broken Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Juice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Juice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canOil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carton
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Catalogue
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crate
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Proven Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Untreated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Proven Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Locator
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Drop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Pot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Imprinter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infuser
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mulch
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectacles
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pipette
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Propolis
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scoop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soldering Iron
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Treealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wax Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wax Cast
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Pulp
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.exist.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Garden Trowel
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.exist.GardenCore.wax.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wax
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Candle
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Moss Paste
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Candelilla
fe.protection.exist.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.exist.GraveStone.Chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gravestone Chisel
fe.protection.exist.GraveStone.Corpse.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.corpse.villager
fe.protection.exist.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT1.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.backpack.undertaker.t1
fe.protection.exist.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.backpack.undertaker.t2
fe.protection.exist.GraveStone.SpawnEgg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Zombie Dog
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST GraviTool
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST itemSuperConductorCover.name
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Relocator
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.sonicLauncher.name
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.exist.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vajra
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Composite Vest
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST BatPack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Backpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energypack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bio Chaff
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hydration Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Credit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Containment Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Debug Item
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Door
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plantball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grin Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Resin
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lathing Tool
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zero
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cold Coffee
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mug
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST CF Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal Chunk
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coil
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rubber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST OV Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shard
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slag
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Static Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terra Wart
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Forge Hammer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST EU-Reader
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mining Laser
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tool Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electric Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 238
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weed
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Weed-EX
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Memory
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obscurator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Windmeter
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Text Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Time Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Head
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Holey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Casing
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jerrycan
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Treated Stick
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Railgun
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Revolver
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shader
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler

fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST ��8Black Balloon

fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Configuration Card
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Formula
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper

fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST ��8Black Glow Panel

fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wood Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Essence Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Meat Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.glass.helm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sunglasses
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Bag
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Boots
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Breastplate
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Cup
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.helm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.legs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Plastic
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST PortaSpawner
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cannon
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blank Record
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST RedNet Meter
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Bar
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rubber
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ruler
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spyglass
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Straw
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Growth Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Health Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.exist.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST XP Extractor
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.agebook.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Descriptive Book
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.booster.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.folder.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Collation Folder
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.glasses.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Linking Book
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.page.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blank Page
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.vial.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ink Vial
fe.protection.exist.Mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Writing Desk
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Data Card
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Draw Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Circuit Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Recipe Plan
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Athame
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Backpack
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                         # (default: true) EXIST White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wool Gin
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                      # (default: true) EXIST IC Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                           # (default: true) EXIST IC Chip
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                       # (default: true) EXIST White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                      # (default: true) EXIST White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                        # (default: true) EXIST White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                   # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                        # (default: true) EXIST White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                    # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST OR Gate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Router Utility
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                # (default: true) EXIST Item Responder chip
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Batbox Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST CESU Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MFE Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Capsule
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Painter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Grower
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Drop Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Letter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Block Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Ginto
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Poison
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Player Core
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Force
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sound Recorder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Boots
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Binder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Stone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.linker.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Linker (Link Mode)
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.playerRelocator.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Player Relocator
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.relocator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Relocator
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.relocatorModule.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Module Base
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.sortingUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sorting Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RefinedRelocation.toolbox.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Concealment Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Packing Tape
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Drawer Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeSorting.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.upgradeSorting.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Template
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Void Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Battleaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutlass
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Feather Fletching
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Frying Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gear Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Canister
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Knapsack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lumber Axe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Paper Stack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Potion Launcher
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magic Funguar
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Node in a Jar
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Focus Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vis Stone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Door
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Taint
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bow of Bone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Phial
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Straw Golem
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mana Bean
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beef Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fish Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pork Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Primal Crusher
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Research Notes
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Alumentum
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Protection
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sanity Checker
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Shard
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Blade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumometer
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Air Arrow
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Cap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Amber Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.charmTaint.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Band
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Air
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Taintberry
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cow
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.vat.name
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incubated Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Animated Golem
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Injector
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lens Case
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Illumine Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Echo Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Node Opener
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Planar Conduit
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Suicide Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Warded Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Putty
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Feline Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transvector Binder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Grain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Aer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Infused Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ichor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Aspect
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Protoclay
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Mould
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cover
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Filter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Relay
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Retriever
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux Chiller
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Schematic

fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Florb (Empty��r)

fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux Igniter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST FluiVac
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Creative Satchel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Invar Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lead Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Silver Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Invar Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silver Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tin Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Invar Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Silver Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tin Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gold Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sword
fe.protection.exist.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cloak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Fur
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Hood
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Borer Essence
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Carminite
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Block and Chain
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life I
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life II
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crumble Horn
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Experiment 115
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Blood
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Tears
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glass Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Chop
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bomb
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ice Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Liveroot
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magic Beans
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maze Wafer
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mazebreaker
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meef
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Meef Steak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ore Magnet
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Seeker Bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raven's Feather
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Torchberries
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tower Key
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Transformation Powder
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tri-bow
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Venison Steak
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Boots
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Private Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Remote
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST REP
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST REther Pearl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bowl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cloak
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Inert Gem
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Kama
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sweetwart
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Yarn
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Greataxe ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Boots ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Cuirass ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Warhammer ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Helm ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Greaves ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Claymore ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.exist.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedCobalt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedMithril.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedOsmium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyAluminium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Mithril Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustUranium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Shard
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paint Ball - White

fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) EXIST 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) EXIST 2? Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) EXIST 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) EXIST 2³ Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST View Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biometric Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Staff
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cannon
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Network Tool
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Portable Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impulse Boots
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.exist.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Smashing Rock
fe.protection.exist.chisel.upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.exist.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Almond
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Almond Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Apple Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apricot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Avocado
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Baked Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Baked Turnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bakeware
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Baklava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Banana Split
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Bass
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Batter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Battered Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bean Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beans and Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beans on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beef Wellington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Beet Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Beet Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beet Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beet Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST BLT
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Boiled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Braised Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brownie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bubbly Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Buttered Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST California Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Candied Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Candied Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Caramel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Apple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cashew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Catfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Celery Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Celery Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chai Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Charr
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chiko Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chili Poppers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chorizo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Citrus Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cola Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cornbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cornflakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Corn Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cottage Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cracker
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cream Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Croissant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Curry Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Curry Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Custard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Board
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Damper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Date
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Delighted Meal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dim Sum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dough
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dragonfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Durian
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Edible Root
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Eel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Egg Nog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Egg Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drink
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Epic Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Espresso
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fig
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fig Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fig Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Firm Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fish Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fish Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flour
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Footlong
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST French Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fried Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fried Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fried Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fried Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Frog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Frosted Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Punch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Futo Maki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Garam Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Garden Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gherkin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Ale
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grain Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grape Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grape Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Grape Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Grouper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bee Grub
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Guacamole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gummy Bears
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Herring
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Holiday Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hotdog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hot Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Jaffa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jam Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jellybeans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jelly Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Juicer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ketchup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Keylime Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kimchi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Leek
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leek Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lemonade
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lime
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mango
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mango Chutney
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mango Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manjuu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Marshmellows
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Marzipan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mayo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST McPam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Meat Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Melon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mince Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mochi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Museli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nachoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nutella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Oats
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oats Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Okra Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Okra Creole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Okra Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Olive
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooking Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Omelet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Onion Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Orange
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Orange Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Orange Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Paneer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Papaya
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pasta
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pavlova
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST PB&J
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Peanut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peas and Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Peas Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pecan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pecan Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peppercorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peppermint
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pepperoni
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Perch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pickles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pinacolada
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plum Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Poached Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Popcorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pork Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Potato Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Potato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pot Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Powdered Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pralines
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Queen Bee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Radish Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raisins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Random Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Refried Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Roast Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Root Beer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rye Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salad Dressing
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salmon Patties
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Saucepan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sausage Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scallion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Seed Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Ball
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silken Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Skillet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snapper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Snickers Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soybean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soy Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soy Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spagetti
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spice Bun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Greens
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spring Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steak and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stock
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Suadero
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sunday Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sushi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Taffy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tea Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tea Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tim Tam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tortilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Trail Mix
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Trout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tuna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Turnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Strips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vindaloo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vinegar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Walleye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Walnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Waxcomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Woven Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zeppole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Wire Coil

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ��aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Sword

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Sword

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirEssence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Air Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumEssence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Alumite Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Alumite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blizz Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzEssence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coal Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowEssence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cow Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cow Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                              # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST ��eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST §eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeEssence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Technicolor Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dye Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Earth Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Earth Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldApple.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ��aEmerald Apple

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ��6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ��fExperience Book

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST §6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §fExperience Book

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceEssence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Experience Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Experience Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fire Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fire Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneEssence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ��bImperio Sword
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ��4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ��bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ��6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST §bImperio Sword
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Invar Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Invar Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lead Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lead Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lumium Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MagicalFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magical Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelEssence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynEssence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MinicioSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minicio Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nature Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nature Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nether Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigEssence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pig Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pig Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubyEssence.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubySeeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterEssence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagAccio.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Accio Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagCrucio.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crucio Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagImperio.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Imperio Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagZivicio.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zivicio Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silver Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Silver Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonEssence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Slime Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Slime Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spider Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spider Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TaintedEssence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ��8Tainted Essence

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelEssence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinEssence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tin Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tin Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                              # (default: true) EXIST ��bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                              # (default: true) EXIST ��aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterEssence.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Water Seeds
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wither Essence
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wither Skeleton Seeds

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                            # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                            # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                       # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                     # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                     # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                          # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                          # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                        # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                    # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                         # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ��dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                     # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                     # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                        # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.exist.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST §dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brown Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gray Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lime Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Orange Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pink Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Purple Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST SilverCurtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST White Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Custom Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Factory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jail Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Laboratory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rusty Handle
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Saloon Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Shoji Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.metacycler.item.metawand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.metawand.name
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.openlights.openlights.prismaticPaste.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Prismatic Paste
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Folder
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Paper Shreds
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Ink
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Color Ink
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST RFID Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Security Door
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Private Security Door
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.CoalPellet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Pellet
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.CobbleUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cobble Gen Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.CreativeRFEngine.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Creative RF Engine
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.DiamondUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.FillerUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Filler Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.FilterAdultUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adult Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.FilterAnimalUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Animal Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.FilterMobUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mob Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.FilterPlayerUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Player Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.IronUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.MilkerUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Milker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.RFEngine.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST RF Engine
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.ShearingUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shearing Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.StoneUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WitherDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wither Diamond
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WitherIron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wither Iron
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WitherStone.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wither Stone
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WitherUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wither Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WitherWood.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wither Wood
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.WoodUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.progressiveautomation.Wrench.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST PA Wrench
fe.protection.exist.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blindness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Button Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clock Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Computer Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Counter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Developers Delight
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Template
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flight Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Haste Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Infused Diamond
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.exist.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Machine Information Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orphaning Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Peace Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peaceful Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.exist.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Poison Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Security Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shape Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shard Wand
fe.protection.exist.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Slowness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Smart Wrench
fe.protection.exist.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Speed Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST unknown.name
fe.protection.exist.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Syringe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Text Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Weakness Module
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aer Fragment
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ��eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redlon Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diffusion Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.exist.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arthana
fe.protection.exist.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bark Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Biome Beach
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biting Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Boline
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brew Bag
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.exist.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cane Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Brews
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Circle Talisman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coffin
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Hood
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Footwear
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hand of Death
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Robe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lava Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Water Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.exist.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Earmuffs
fe.protection.exist.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glass Goblet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.exist.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Icy Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Candelabra
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Twisting Band
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.exist.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mirror
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Moon Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mystic Branch
fe.protection.exist.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Player Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Poppet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Universal Antidote
fe.protection.exist.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.exist.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Stone
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sun Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Taglock Kit
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Hand
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.alkahest_tome.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Alkahestry
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Angelheart Vial
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Angelic Feather
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Casing
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.condensed_potion.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Condensed Splash Serum
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Emperor's Chalice
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ender Staff
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coin of Fortune
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glacial Staff
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowing Bread
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowing Water
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grip Assembly
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Handgun
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.green}}Harvest Rod
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.heart_pearl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Heart Pearl
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Nian Zhu
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hero's Medallion
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Holy Hand Grenade
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ice Magus Rod
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Infernal Chalice
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.red}}Infernal Claws
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.red}}Infernal Tear
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kraken Shell
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.yellow}}Lantern Of Paranoia
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Magazine
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Magicbane
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cross of Mercy
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Touchstone of Midas
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rib Bone
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Phoenix Down
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.red}}Pyromancer's Staff
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.yellow}}Rending Gale
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rod of Lyssa
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Salamander's Eye
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.green}}Serpent Staff
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shears of Winter
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sojourner's Staff
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Twilight Cloak
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Void Tear
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Empty Void Tear
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST {{!colors.yellow}}Witch Hat
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Witherless Rose
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aether
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Flask
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquasalus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Offensa
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Ash
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Axe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Life
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orb of Testing
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crepitous
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallos
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Divination Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Blade
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Incendium
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Router
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Key of Binding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magicales
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanctus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunnarium
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipper
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipping
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crop Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.nuggetQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Allium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedAurigold.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Black Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlue.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBrown.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Brown Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaCyan.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Cyan Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGray.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGreen.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Green Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightBlue.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Light Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightGray.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Light Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLime.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Lime Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaMagenta.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Magenta Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaOrange.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Orange Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPink.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Pink Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPurple.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Purple Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaRed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Red Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaWhite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical White Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaYellow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Yellow Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCinderpearl.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinderpearl Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedCuprosia.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cuprosia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedDiamahlia.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamahlia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedEmeryllis.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Emeryllis Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedFerranium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferranium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedJaslumine.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jaslumine Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedLapender.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapender Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedNiccissus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Niccissus Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedNitorWart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nitor Wart Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedOsmonium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmonium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPetinia.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Petinia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPlatiolus.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Platiolus Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPlombean.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plombean Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedQuartzanthemum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartzanthemum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedRedstodendron.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstodendron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedShimmerleaf.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shimmerleaf Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedSilverweed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverweed Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTaintedRoot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Taint Root Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.seedVishroom.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vishroom Spores
fe.protection.inventory.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.inventory.Baubles.Ring.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Ring
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Staff
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Axe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Essence
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Radar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Boots
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart Blower
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderporter
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flippers
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Brick
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Ball
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Muddy Sword
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wading Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.aesirRing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of the Aesir
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.ancientWill.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.auraRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Band of Aura
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.auraRingGreater.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.autocraftingHalo.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.baubleBox.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bauble Case
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.blackHoleTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.blackLotus.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Lotus
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.bloodPendant.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Blood Pendant

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Fallback (��l6��r)
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.brewVial.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vial of Fallback (��l4��r)

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.brewVial.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.cacophonium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cacophonium
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.clip.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens Clip
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.cobbleRod.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.corporeaSpark.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Corporea Spark
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.cosmetic.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bowtie
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.craftPattern.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.craftingHalo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Assembly Halo
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.crystalBow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.dice.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dice of Fate
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.dirtRod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.divaCharm.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.diviningRod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.dye.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral White Powder
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumHelmReveal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumLegs.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumPick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumShears.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumShovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.elementiumSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.enderDagger.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Soulscribe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.enderHand.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.exchangeRod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.fertilizer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.fireRod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Hells

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fl?gel Tiara
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of the Fl?gel

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of the Flügel

fe.protection.inventory.Botania.gaiaHead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.glassPick.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.goldenLaurel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Laurel Crown
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.grassHorn.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.grassSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.gravityRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.holyCloak.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.icePendant.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.incenseStick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.infiniteFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.itemFinder.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY The Spectator
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.keepIvy.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.kingKey.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.knockbackBelt.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.laputaShard.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.lavaPendant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.lens.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Lens
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.lexicon.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lexica Botania
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.livingwoodBow.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.lokiRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Loki
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.magnetRing.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.magnetRingGreater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaBottle.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaCookie.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaGun.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaInkwell.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaResource.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Band of Mana
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaRingGreater.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaTablet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelHelm.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelHelmReveal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelPick.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelShears.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manasteelSword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaweaveBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaweaveChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaweaveHelm.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.manaweaveLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.miningRing.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.missileRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.monocle.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.obedienceStick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.odinRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Odin
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.openBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.overgrowthSeed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.pestleAndMortar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.petal.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.phantomInk.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Ink
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.pinkinator.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY The Pinkinator
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.pixieRing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.poolMinecart.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.quartz.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.rainbowRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.reachRing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.recordGaia1.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.recordGaia2.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.regenIvy.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Timeless Ivy
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.rune.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rune of Water
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.sextant.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.signalFlare.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Flare
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.skyDirtRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.slimeBottle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.slingshot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.smeltRod.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.spark.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spark
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.sparkUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.spawnerMover.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Aggregator
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.speedUpBelt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.spellCloth.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.starSword.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Starcaller
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.superLavaPendant.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.superTravelBelt.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.swapRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Correction
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.temperanceStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terraAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Truncator
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terraPick.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terraSword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terraformRod.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terrasteelBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terrasteelChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terrasteelHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terrasteelHelmReveal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.terrasteelLegs.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.thorRing.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Thor
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.thornChakram.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.thunderSword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thundercaller
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.tinyPlanet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Planet
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.tornadoRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.travelBelt.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.twigWand.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.unholyCloak.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.vial.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Managlass Vial
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.vineBall.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vine Ball
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.virus.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.waterBowl.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Water
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.waterRing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.waterRod.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.inventory.Botania.worldSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY World Seed
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Template
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY List
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Map Location
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Board
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Robot
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Docking Station
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gate Copier
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Gate
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Plug
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Adapter
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pocket Computer
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleSandwich.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleTart.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Tart
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bakedApple.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Apple
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basesoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Water Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.battery.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Disposable Battery
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleCamOil.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Camellia Oil Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleVegiOil.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Oil Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketCamOil.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Camellia Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketVegiOil.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketYoungAlcohol.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Young Shothu Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyKnife.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chalcedony Knife
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyShears.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pruning Shears
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyStoneCutter.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chalcedony Stone Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateFruits.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticks.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chopsticks
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.circuit_chalcedony.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chalcedony Electron Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clam.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Clam
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.condensedMilk.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Candy
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorI.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundle of Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorW.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bundle of Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.debugArm.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.defeatedcrow.debugArm.name
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyPlate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Plate Mode
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dustWood.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Dust
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.essentialOil.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Essential Oil (Apple)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.firestarter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Starter
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodTea.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Tea Leaves
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilCannon.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossil Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilScale.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fossil Scale
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gratedApple.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Grated Apple
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.grater.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grater
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyCrystal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Icy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyToffyApple.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Icy Toffee Apple
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_aloeswood.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Tranquilizer)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_apple.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Jump)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_clam.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Growth)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_frankincense.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Sanctum)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_ice.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Freeze)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_lavender.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Calm)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_mint.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Haste)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_rose.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Heal)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_sandalwood.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Hypnotic)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_vanilla.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Fermentation)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_yuzu.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Cone (Clear)
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.inkStick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Stick
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemBottle.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shothu Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemCordial.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Liqueur Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.jawPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterilized Jaw Plate
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leafTea.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tea Leaves
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.milkCandy.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Condensed Milk
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mincedFoods.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Minced Mushrooms
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.monocle.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chalcedony Monocle
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.moromi.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Moromi
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.onixSword.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Onyx Sword
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.oreDust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.princessClam.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess Clam
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.seedMint.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.slotPanel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Slot Panel
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.stickCarbon.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Stick
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.strangeSlag.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Strange Slag
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.toffyApple.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Toffee Apple
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yeast.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Yeast
fe.protection.inventory.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuGatling.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Yuzu Gatling Gun
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn 
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Shard
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaotic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Comet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Axe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Bow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Sword
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Heart
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Dislocator
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Soul
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Focus
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY TCLogo
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Binder
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.Enchiridion.items.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.guide.name
fe.protection.inventory.Enchiridion2.book.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY book
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Axe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Boots
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Plate
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Helm
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Pick
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Shears
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY The Ender
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Facade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Probe
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY "Enderios"
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderface
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Chassis
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electromagnet
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Powder
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Vial
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Rod
fe.protection.inventory.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.Blot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.bolt.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.BowLimb.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.bow.limb.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.CrossbowBody.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.crossbow.body.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.CrossbowLimb.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.crossbow.limb.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.arrowhead.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.arrowhead.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.axeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.axe.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.battelSign.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.battle.sign.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.binding.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.binding.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.chiselHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.chisel.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.chunk.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.chunk.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.crossbar.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.crossbar.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.drulloyIngot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Drulloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.excavatorHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.excavator.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.extra.bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extratic.bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.frypanHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.frypan.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.fullGuard.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.full.guard.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.funStuffIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.gear.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extratic.gear.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.hammerHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.hammer.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.knifeBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.knife.blade.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.largeGuard.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.large.guard.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.largeSwordBlade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.large.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.largeplate.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.largeplate.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.lumberaxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.lumberaxe.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.mediumGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.medium.guard.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.pickaxeHead.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.pickaxe.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.scytheHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.scythe.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.shovelHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.shovel.head.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.shuriken.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.shuriken.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.swordBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.toolrod.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.toolrod.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.toughbind.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.toughbind.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraTiC.toughrod.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.default.toughrod.name
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Division Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Etheric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ERR
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrath Shard
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Riding Crop
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Collar of Pain
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hexcoal
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Rod
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apatite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ash.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beverage.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canIce.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canLava.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canMead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canOil.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canWater.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.carton.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carton
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalogue
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.crate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crate
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Untreated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fruits.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Locator
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Drop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Pot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprinter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.infuser.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuser
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.letters.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mulch.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectacles
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.peat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pipette.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipette
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollen.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.propolis.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.scoop.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldering Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.stamps.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Treealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Cast
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.inventory.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.inventory.GardenCore.wax.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Candle
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Moss Paste
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelilla
fe.protection.inventory.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.GraveStone.Chisel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravestone Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.GraveStone.Corpse.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.corpse.villager
fe.protection.inventory.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT1.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.backpack.undertaker.t1
fe.protection.inventory.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.backpack.undertaker.t2
fe.protection.inventory.GraveStone.SpawnEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Zombie Dog
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviTool
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY itemSuperConductorCover.name
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Relocator
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.sonicLauncher.name
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vajra
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Composite Vest
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY BatPack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energypack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Chaff
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydration Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Credit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Item
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Door
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plantball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grin Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Resin
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHops.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lathing Tool
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mug
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coil
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY OV Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slag
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Static Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Wart
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY EU-Reader
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Laser
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 238
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed-EX
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Memory
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.obscurator.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obscurator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.windmeter.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Windmeter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Time Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Head
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Holey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Casing
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jerrycan
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Treated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Railgun
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shader
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler

fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ��8Black Balloon

fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Configuration Card
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Formula
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper

fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ��8Black Glow Panel

fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Essence Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.glass.helm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunglasses
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Bag
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.chest.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Breastplate
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Cup
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.helm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.legs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Plastic
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY PortaSpawner
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Record
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY RedNet Meter
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Bar
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruler
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spyglass
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Growth Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Health Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.inventory.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Extractor
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.agebook.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Descriptive Book
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.booster.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.folder.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Collation Folder
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.glasses.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Linking Book
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.page.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Page
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.vial.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Vial
fe.protection.inventory.Mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Writing Desk
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.item.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Card
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Draw Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Circuit Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Recipe Plan
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Athame
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Gin
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Chip
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Router Utility
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Responder chip
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Batbox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY CESU Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MFE Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Painter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Grower
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Letter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Ginto
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Poison
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Core
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Force
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sound Recorder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Binder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Stone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.linker.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Linker (Link Mode)
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.playerRelocator.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Relocator
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.relocator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Relocator
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.relocatorModule.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Module Base
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.sortingUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sorting Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RefinedRelocation.toolbox.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Concealment Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Packing Tape
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Drawer Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeSorting.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgradeSorting.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Template
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Battleaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.binding.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutlass
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Frying Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gear Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Canister
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knapsack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumber Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.materials.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Stack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Funguar
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Node in a Jar
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Focus Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Stone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Door
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Taint
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of Bone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Phial
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw Golem
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Bean
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumentum
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Protection
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanity Checker
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumometer
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Cap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.charmTaint.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Band
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Air
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Taintberry
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.vat.name
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incubated Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Animated Golem
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Injector
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens Case
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Illumine Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Echo Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Node Opener
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Planar Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Suicide Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Warded Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Putty
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Feline Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transvector Binder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Grain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Aer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Aspect
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Protoclay
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Mould
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cover
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Relay
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Retriever
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Chiller
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematic

fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Florb (Empty��r)

fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Igniter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY FluiVac
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Satchel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Fur
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Hood
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Borer Essence
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Block and Chain
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life I
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life II
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crumble Horn
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Experiment 115
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Blood
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Tears
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Chop
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bomb
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Liveroot
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Beans
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mazebreaker
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meef
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Steak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeker Bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raven's Feather
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Torchberries
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tower Key
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Transformation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tri-bow
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison Steak
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Remote
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY REP
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY REther Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Gem
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweetwart
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yarn
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Greataxe ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Boots ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Cuirass ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Warhammer ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Helm ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Greaves ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Claymore ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.inventory.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedAluminium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedCobalt.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedCobalt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedMithril.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedOsmium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyAluminium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyCobalt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyMithril.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Mithril Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyOsmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetOsmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Ball - White

fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 2? Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 2³ Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY View Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biometric Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Staff
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Tool
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impulse Boots
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Smashing Rock
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.upgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.part.base.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.casing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.component.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.physical.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Turnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakeware
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Baklava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Split
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Bass
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Batter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Battered Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans and Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Wellington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY BLT
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Boiled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Braised Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brownie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bubbly Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Buttered Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY California Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Apple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Catfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chai Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Charr
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiko Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Poppers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorizo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Citrus Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cola Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornflakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cottage Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracker
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Croissant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Custard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Board
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Damper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Date
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Delighted Meal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dim Sum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dough
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragonfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Edible Root
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Eel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Nog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drink
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Espresso
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Firm Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flour
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Footlong
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY French Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Frog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosted Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Punch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Futo Maki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Garam Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gherkin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Ale
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grain Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Grouper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Grub
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Guacamole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gummy Bears
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Herring
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Holiday Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotdog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Jaffa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jam Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jellybeans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelly Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Juicer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ketchup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Keylime Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kimchi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemonade
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Chutney
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manjuu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Marshmellows
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Marzipan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mayo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY McPam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mince Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Museli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nachoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Creole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooking Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Omelet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasta
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pavlova
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY PB&J
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas and Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppercorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppermint
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepperoni
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Perch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pinacolada
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Poached Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Popcorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Powdered Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pralines
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen Bee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Refried Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Root Beer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salad Dressing
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salmon Patties
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Saucepan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Ball
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Skillet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snapper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Snickers Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spagetti
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Bun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Greens
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stock
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Suadero
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunday Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sushi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Taffy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tim Tam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tortilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Trail Mix
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Trout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tuna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Strips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vindaloo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinegar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Walleye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Waxcomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeppole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Wire Coil

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ��aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumEssence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumSeeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumite Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blizz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzEssence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzSeeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Technicolor Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dye Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldApple.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ��aEmerald Apple

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��fExperience Book

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §fExperience Book

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceEssence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceSeeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneEssence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneSeeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bImperio Sword
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ��4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ��6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §bImperio Sword
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MagicalFertilizer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelEssence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelSeeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynEssence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynSeeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MinicioSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minicio Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubyEssence.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubySeeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterEssence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterSeeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagAccio.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Accio Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagCrucio.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crucio Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagImperio.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Imperio Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagZivicio.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zivicio Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonEssence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonSeeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TaintedEssence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��8Tainted Essence

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelEssence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelSeeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ��bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ��aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterEssence.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterSeeds.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherEssence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Essence
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Skeleton Seeds

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ��dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY SilverCurtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY White Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Custom Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Factory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jail Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Laboratory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rusty Handle
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Saloon Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shoji Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.metacycler.item.metawand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.metawand.name
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.openlights.openlights.prismaticPaste.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismatic Paste
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Folder
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Shreds
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Ink
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Ink
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.CoalPellet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.CobbleUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobble Gen Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.CreativeRFEngine.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative RF Engine
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.DiamondUpgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.FillerUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Filler Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.FilterAdultUpgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adult Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.FilterAnimalUpgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Animal Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.FilterMobUpgrade.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.FilterPlayerUpgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.IronUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.MilkerUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Milker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.RFEngine.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Engine
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.ShearingUpgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shearing Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.StoneUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WitherDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WitherIron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Iron
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WitherStone.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Stone
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WitherUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WitherWood.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Wood
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.WoodUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.progressiveautomation.Wrench.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY PA Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blindness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Button Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Developers Delight
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Template
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flight Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Information Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orphaning Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peace Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaceful Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shape Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard Wand
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Slowness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Smart Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY unknown.name
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakness Module
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aer Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ��eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redlon Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diffusion Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.arthana.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arthana
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.babashat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bark Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.biomenote.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Beach
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biting Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.boline.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Boline
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.water.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew Bag
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.canesword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cane Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Brews
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Circle Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.coffin.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffin
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Hood
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Footwear
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathshand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand of Death
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Earmuffs
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.garlic.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Goblet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.handbow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Icy Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelabra
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Twisting Band
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.louse.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mirror.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mutator.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystic Branch
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.playercompass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.poppet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.potion.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Antidote
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.silversword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Stone
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stew.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stewraw.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sun Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Taglock Kit
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhand.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Hand
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.alkahest_tome.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Alkahestry
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Angelheart Vial
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Angelic Feather
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Casing
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.condensed_potion.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Condensed Splash Serum
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emperor's Chalice
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Staff
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin of Fortune
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glacial Staff
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowing Bread
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowing Water
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grip Assembly
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Handgun
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.green}}Harvest Rod
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.heart_pearl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Heart Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Nian Zhu
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hero's Medallion
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Holy Hand Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Magus Rod
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernal Chalice
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.red}}Infernal Claws
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.red}}Infernal Tear
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kraken Shell
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.yellow}}Lantern Of Paranoia
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Magazine
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Magicbane
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cross of Mercy
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Touchstone of Midas
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rib Bone
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Phoenix Down
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.red}}Pyromancer's Staff
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.yellow}}Rending Gale
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of Lyssa
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Salamander's Eye
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.green}}Serpent Staff
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears of Winter
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sojourner's Staff
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Twilight Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Tear
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Void Tear
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY {{!colors.yellow}}Witch Hat
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Witherless Rose
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                                      # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                               # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Aether
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potion Flask
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aquasalus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blank Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                        # (default: true) USE Offensa
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Ash
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bound Axe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bound Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                                # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Shovel
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bucket of Life
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Orb of Testing
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crepitous
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crystallos
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Demon Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Demonic Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Divination Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Blaster
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Blade
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Imbued Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Incendium
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Alchemic Router
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                         # (default: true) USE Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Key of Binding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magicales
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                                # (default: true) USE Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sanctus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Terrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) USE Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.advanced_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.asp_crafting_items.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sunnarium
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.hybrid_solar_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.AdvancedSolarPanel.ultimate_solar_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ultimate Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.clipper.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Clipper
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.clipping.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Clipping
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.cropsItem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.debugger.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.handRake.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.journal.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.magnifyingGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.nuggetQuartz.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Quartz Shard
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedAllium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Allium Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedAurigold.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mystical Black Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mystical Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mystical Brown Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mystical Cyan Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGray.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mystical Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mystical Green Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightBlue.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mystical Light Blue Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLightGray.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mystical Light Gray Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaLime.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mystical Lime Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mystical Magenta Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mystical Orange Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPink.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mystical Pink Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mystical Purple Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaRed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mystical Red Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mystical White Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedBotaniaYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mystical Yellow Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCactus.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cactus Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCarrot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCinderpearl.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cinderpearl Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedCuprosia.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cuprosia Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedDaisy.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Daisy Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedDandelion.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dandelion Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedDiamahlia.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamahlia Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedEmeryllis.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Emeryllis Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedFerranium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ferranium Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedJaslumine.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Jaslumine Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedLapender.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lapender Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedNiccissus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Niccissus Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedNitorWart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nitor Wart Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedOrchid.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Blue Orchid Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedOsmonium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Osmonium Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPetinia.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Petinia Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPlatiolus.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Platiolus Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPlombean.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Plombean Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPoppy.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Poppy Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedPotato.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Potato Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedQuartzanthemum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Quartzanthemum Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedRedstodendron.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstodendron Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedShimmerleaf.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shimmerleaf Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedShroomBrown.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Brown Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedShroomRed.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Red Mushroom Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedSilverweed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Silverweed Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedSugarcane.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTaintedRoot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Taint Root Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipOrange.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orange Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipPink.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pink Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipRed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Red Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedTulipWhite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Tulip Seeds
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.seedVishroom.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vishroom Spores
fe.protection.use.AgriCraft.trowel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.use.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.use.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.use.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Miner's Ring
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                                # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                        # (default: true) USE Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                               # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack3.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsForestry.seatBack5.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.ancientStaff.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ancient Staff
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeAmethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.axeMud.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Muddy Axe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeEssence.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Essence
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.biomeFinder.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Radar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bootsMud.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Muddy Boots
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.bopBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.bucket.name
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateAmethyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Amethyst Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.chestplateMud.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Muddy Chestplate
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dart
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.dartBlower.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dart Blower
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.enderporter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enderporter
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flippers.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flippers
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.flowerBand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dull Flower Band
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.food.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Berry
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.gems.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.helmetMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Helmet
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeAmethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.hoeMud.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Muddy Hoe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Empty Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.jarFilled.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsAmethyst.*                                                # (default: true) USE Amethyst Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.leggingsMud.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Muddy Leggings
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.misc.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mud Brick
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.mudball.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mud Ball
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeAmethyst.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amethyst Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.pickaxeMud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muddy Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_corruption.*                                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.record_wanderer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheGold.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mud Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheStone.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.scytheWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelAmethyst.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.shovelMud.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Muddy Shovel
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordAmethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Amethyst Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.swordMud.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Muddy Sword
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.turnipSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Turnip Seeds
fe.protection.use.BiomesOPlenty.wadingBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wading Boots
fe.protection.use.Botania.aesirRing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ring of the Aesir
fe.protection.use.Botania.ancientWill.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.use.Botania.auraRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Band of Aura
fe.protection.use.Botania.auraRingGreater.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.use.Botania.autocraftingHalo.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.use.Botania.baubleBox.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bauble Case
fe.protection.use.Botania.blackHoleTalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.use.Botania.blackLotus.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Black Lotus
fe.protection.use.Botania.bloodPendant.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tainted Blood Pendant

fe.protection.use.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Flask of Fallback (��l6��r)
fe.protection.use.Botania.brewVial.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Vial of Fallback (��l4��r)

fe.protection.use.Botania.brewFlask.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.use.Botania.brewVial.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)

fe.protection.use.Botania.cacophonium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cacophonium
fe.protection.use.Botania.clip.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Lens Clip
fe.protection.use.Botania.cobbleRod.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.use.Botania.corporeaSpark.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Corporea Spark
fe.protection.use.Botania.cosmetic.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Black Bowtie
fe.protection.use.Botania.craftPattern.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.use.Botania.craftingHalo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Assembly Halo
fe.protection.use.Botania.crystalBow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crystal Bow
fe.protection.use.Botania.dice.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Dice of Fate
fe.protection.use.Botania.dirtRod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.use.Botania.divaCharm.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.use.Botania.diviningRod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.use.Botania.dye.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Floral White Powder
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumAxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Elementium Axe
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Elementium Boots
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumChest.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumHelm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumHelmReveal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumLegs.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumPick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumShears.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Elementium Shears
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.use.Botania.elementiumSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Elementium Sword
fe.protection.use.Botania.enderDagger.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Soulscribe
fe.protection.use.Botania.enderHand.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Hand of Ender
fe.protection.use.Botania.exchangeRod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.use.Botania.fertilizer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.Botania.fireRod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Rod of the Hells

fe.protection.use.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Fl?gel Tiara
fe.protection.use.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Flower Pouch
fe.protection.use.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Eye of the Fl?gel

fe.protection.use.Botania.flightTiara.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.use.Botania.flowerBag.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Flower Pouch
fe.protection.use.Botania.flugelEye.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Eye of the Flügel

fe.protection.use.Botania.gaiaHead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.use.Botania.glassPick.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Botania.goldenLaurel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Laurel Crown
fe.protection.use.Botania.grassHorn.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.use.Botania.grassSeeds.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.use.Botania.gravityRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.use.Botania.holyCloak.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.use.Botania.icePendant.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.use.Botania.incenseStick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Incense Stick
fe.protection.use.Botania.infiniteFruit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.use.Botania.itemFinder.*                                                            # (default: true) USE The Spectator
fe.protection.use.Botania.keepIvy.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.use.Botania.kingKey.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.use.Botania.knockbackBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.use.Botania.laputaShard.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.use.Botania.lavaPendant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.use.Botania.lens.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Mana Lens
fe.protection.use.Botania.lexicon.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Lexica Botania
fe.protection.use.Botania.livingwoodBow.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.use.Botania.lokiRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ring of Loki
fe.protection.use.Botania.magnetRing.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.use.Botania.magnetRingGreater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaBottle.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaCookie.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaGun.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mana Blaster
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaInkwell.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaMirror.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mana Mirror
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaResource.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Band of Mana
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaRingGreater.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaTablet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mana Tablet
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelAxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelHelm.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelHelmReveal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelPick.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelShears.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Botania.manasteelSword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaweaveBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaweaveChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaweaveHelm.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.use.Botania.manaweaveLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.use.Botania.miningRing.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.use.Botania.missileRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.use.Botania.monocle.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.use.Botania.obedienceStick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.use.Botania.odinRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ring of Odin
fe.protection.use.Botania.openBucket.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.use.Botania.overgrowthSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.use.Botania.pestleAndMortar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.use.Botania.petal.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.use.Botania.phantomInk.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Phantom Ink
fe.protection.use.Botania.pinkinator.*                                                            # (default: true) USE The Pinkinator
fe.protection.use.Botania.pixieRing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.use.Botania.poolMinecart.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.use.Botania.quartz.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.Botania.rainbowRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.use.Botania.reachRing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.use.Botania.recordGaia1.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.use.Botania.recordGaia2.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.use.Botania.regenIvy.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Timeless Ivy
fe.protection.use.Botania.rune.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Rune of Water
fe.protection.use.Botania.sextant.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.use.Botania.signalFlare.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Signal Flare
fe.protection.use.Botania.skyDirtRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.use.Botania.slimeBottle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.use.Botania.slingshot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.use.Botania.smeltRod.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.use.Botania.spark.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Spark
fe.protection.use.Botania.sparkUpgrade.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.use.Botania.spawnerMover.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Life Aggregator
fe.protection.use.Botania.speedUpBelt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.use.Botania.spellCloth.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.Botania.starSword.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Starcaller
fe.protection.use.Botania.superLavaPendant.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.use.Botania.superTravelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.use.Botania.swapRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ring of Correction
fe.protection.use.Botania.temperanceStone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.use.Botania.terraAxe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Terra Truncator
fe.protection.use.Botania.terraPick.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.use.Botania.terraSword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Terra Blade
fe.protection.use.Botania.terraformRod.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.use.Botania.terrasteelBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.use.Botania.terrasteelChest.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Botania.terrasteelHelm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Botania.terrasteelHelmReveal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Botania.terrasteelLegs.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Botania.thorRing.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ring of Thor
fe.protection.use.Botania.thornChakram.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.use.Botania.thunderSword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thundercaller
fe.protection.use.Botania.tinyPlanet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Planet
fe.protection.use.Botania.tornadoRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.use.Botania.travelBelt.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.use.Botania.twigWand.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.use.Botania.unholyCloak.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.use.Botania.vial.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Managlass Vial
fe.protection.use.Botania.vineBall.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Vine Ball
fe.protection.use.Botania.virus.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.use.Botania.waterBowl.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bowl of Water
fe.protection.use.Botania.waterRing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.use.Botania.waterRod.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.use.Botania.worldSeed.*                                                             # (default: true) USE World Seed
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Template
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                          # (default: true) USE List
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Map Location
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wood Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Board
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Robot
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Docking Station
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gate Copier
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                       # (default: true) USE Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                     # (default: true) USE Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                       # (default: true) USE Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                        # (default: true) USE Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                     # (default: true) USE Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                      # (default: true) USE Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                       # (default: true) USE Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                     # (default: true) USE Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                        # (default: true) USE Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*             # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Basic Gate
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lens (Black)
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pipe Plug
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Power Adapter
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                            # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.disk.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.diskExpanded.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.pocketComputer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pocket Computer
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.printout.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.ComputerCraft.treasureDisk.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleSandwich.*                                       # (default: true) USE Apple Sandwich
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.appleTart.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Tart
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bakedApple.*                                          # (default: true) USE Baked Apple
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.basesoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hot Water Bowl
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.battery.*                                             # (default: true) USE Disposable Battery
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleCamOil.*                                        # (default: true) USE Camellia Oil Bottle
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bottleVegiOil.*                                       # (default: true) USE Vegetable Oil Bottle
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketCamOil.*                                        # (default: true) USE Camellia Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketVegiOil.*                                       # (default: true) USE Vegetable Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.bucketYoungAlcohol.*                                  # (default: true) USE Young Shothu Bucket
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyKnife.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chalcedony Knife
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyShears.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pruning Shears
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chalcedonyStoneCutter.*                               # (default: true) USE Chalcedony Stone Cutter
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chocolateFruits.*                                     # (default: true) USE Almond Chocolate
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.chopsticks.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chopsticks
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.circuit_chalcedony.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chalcedony Electron Circuit
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.clam.*                                                # (default: true) USE Clam
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.condensedMilk.*                                       # (default: true) USE Milk Candy
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorI.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bundle of Iron Door
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.containeritemDoorW.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bundle of Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.debugArm.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.defeatedcrow.debugArm.name
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fluid
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dummyPlate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Plate Mode
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.dustWood.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Dust
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.essentialOil.*                                        # (default: true) USE Essential Oil (Apple)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.firestarter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fire Starter
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.foodTea.*                                             # (default: true) USE Green Tea Leaves
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilCannon.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fossil Cannon
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.fossilScale.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fossil Scale
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.gratedApple.*                                         # (default: true) USE Grated Apple
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.grater.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grater
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Icy Crystal
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.icyToffyApple.*                                       # (default: true) USE Icy Toffee Apple
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_aloeswood.*                                   # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Tranquilizer)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_apple.*                                       # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Jump)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_clam.*                                        # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Growth)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_frankincense.*                                # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Sanctum)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_ice.*                                         # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Freeze)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_lavender.*                                    # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Calm)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_mint.*                                        # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Haste)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_rose.*                                        # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Heal)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_sandalwood.*                                  # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Hypnotic)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_vanilla.*                                     # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Fermentation)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.incense_yuzu.*                                        # (default: true) USE Incense Cone (Clear)
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.inkStick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ink Stick
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemBottle.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shothu Bottle
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.itemCordial.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apple Liqueur Bottle
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.jawPlate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sterilized Jaw Plate
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.leafTea.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Tea Leaves
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.milkCandy.*                                           # (default: true) USE Condensed Milk
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.mincedFoods.*                                         # (default: true) USE Minced Mushrooms
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.monocle.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chalcedony Monocle
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.moromi.*                                              # (default: true) USE Moromi
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.onixSword.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Onyx Sword
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.oreDust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.princessClam.*                                        # (default: true) USE Princess Clam
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.seedMint.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mint Seeds
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.slotPanel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Slot Panel
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.stickCarbon.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carbon Stick
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.strangeSlag.*                                         # (default: true) USE Strange Slag
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.toffyApple.*                                          # (default: true) USE Toffee Apple
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yeast.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ale Yeast
fe.protection.use.DCsAppleMilk.defeatedcrow.yuzuGatling.*                                         # (default: true) USE Yuzu Gatling Gun
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn 
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chaos Shard
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chaotic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Comet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Axe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Bow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                    # (default: true) USE Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Sword
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dragon Heart
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Arrow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Item Dislocator
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mob Soul
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                         # (default: true) USE Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Solar Focus
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                      # (default: true) USE TCLogo
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                               # (default: true) USE Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crystal Binder
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.Enchiridion.items.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.guide.name
fe.protection.use.Enchiridion2.book.*                                                             # (default: true) USE book
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketCloud_seed_concentrated.*                                         # (default: true) USE Concentrated Cloud Seed Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketFire_water.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fire Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketHootch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hootch Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketLiquid_sunshine.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Liquid Sunshine Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketNutrient_distillation.*                                           # (default: true) USE Nutrient Distillation Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.bucketRocket_fuel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rocket Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Axe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Boots
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Plate
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dark Helm
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Leggings
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dark Pick
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_shears.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dark Shears
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.item.darkSteel_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE The Ender
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicCapacitor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBasicFilterUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemBrokenSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Broken Spawner
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitFacade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Conduit Facade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemConduitProbe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Conduit Probe
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemCoordSelector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderFood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE "Enderios"
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemEnderface.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Enderface
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExistingItemFilter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemExtractSpeedUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Item Conduit Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFrankenSkull.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zombie Electrode
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFunctionUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Remote Awareness Upgrade
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemFusedQuartzFrame.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fused Quartz Frame
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemGasConduit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gas Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemGliderWing.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemItemConduit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Item Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemLiquidConduit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMEConduit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMachinePart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Machine Chassis
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMagnet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Electromagnet
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemMaterial.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silicon
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemModItemFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemOCConduit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Network Conduit (OC)
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowderIngot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Coal Powder
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerConduit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemPowerItemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chargeable Item Filter
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemRedstoneConduit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemSoulVessel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soul Vial
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemTravelStaff.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemXpTransfer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Experience Rod
fe.protection.use.EnderIO.itemYetaWrench.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.Blot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.default.bolt.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.BowLimb.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.default.bow.limb.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.CrossbowBody.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.default.crossbow.body.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.CrossbowLimb.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.default.crossbow.limb.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.arrowhead.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.default.arrowhead.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.axeHead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.default.axe.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.battelSign.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.battle.sign.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.binding.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.default.binding.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.chiselHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.chisel.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.chunk.*                                                                # (default: true) USE item.default.chunk.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.crossbar.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.default.crossbar.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.drulloyIngot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Drulloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.excavatorHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.default.excavator.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.extra.bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE item.extratic.bucket.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.frypanHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.frypan.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.fullGuard.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.default.full.guard.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.funStuffIngot.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fairy Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.gear.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE item.extratic.gear.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.hammerHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.hammer.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.knifeBlade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.knife.blade.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.largeGuard.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.large.guard.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.largeSwordBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.default.large.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.largeplate.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.largeplate.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.lumberaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.default.lumberaxe.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.mediumGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.default.medium.guard.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.pickaxeHead.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.default.pickaxe.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.scytheHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.scythe.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.shovelHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.shovel.head.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.shuriken.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.default.shuriken.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.swordBlade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.default.sword.blade.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.toolrod.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.default.toolrod.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.toughbind.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.default.toughbind.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraTiC.toughrod.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.default.toughrod.name
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Angel Ring
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                           # (default: true) USE Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Healing Axe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Division Sigil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Etheric Sword
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Heating Coil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) USE ERR
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soul fragment
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Portable Scanner
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Precision Shears
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.BlinkFocus.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Blink
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.BloodRapier.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Bloodwell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Boundwell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Crystalwell.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crystal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.DiabolistFork.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.EldritchOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.FMResource.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.GluttonyShard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MobCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blank Imprinting Crystal
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.MorphSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.NetherShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrath Shard
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.Primewell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Primal Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.RidingCrop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Riding Crop
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.RingNutrition.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.SkullAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.SubCollar.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Collar of Pain
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintCoal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hexcoal
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintFruit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tainted Fruit
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.TaintShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.WandCaps.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Alchemical Cap
fe.protection.use.ForbiddenMagic.WandCores.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tainted Rod
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ambrosia
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apatite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Apatite
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ash.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Drone
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Princess
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Queen
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Beealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beverage.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Short Mead
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Broken Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Honey Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Juice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biomass Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ethanol Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canIce.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Ice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Juice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canLava.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Lava Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canMead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canOil.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Short Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canWater.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Water Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.use.Forestry.carton.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Carton
fe.protection.use.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Catalogue
fe.protection.use.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.use.Forestry.crate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Crate
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Proven Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Untreated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fruits.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Proven Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Habitat Locator
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Drop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Pot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honeydew
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Imprinter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.infuser.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Infuser
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shovel Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.letters.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mulch.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Mulch
fe.protection.use.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectacles
fe.protection.use.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.use.Forestry.peat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Phosphor
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pipette.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Pipette
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollen.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.propolis.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Propolis
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sapling.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.scoop.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Scoop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                              # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soldering Iron
fe.protection.use.Forestry.stamps.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Treealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wax Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wax Cast
fe.protection.use.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Pulp
fe.protection.use.Forestry.wrench.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern.*                                              # (default: true) USE Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.use.GardenContainers.pottery_pattern_dirty.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Pattern Stamp
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.compost_pile.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.garden_trowel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Garden Trowel
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.soil_test_kit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.soil_test_kit_used.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Used Soil Test Kit
fe.protection.use.GardenCore.wax.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Wax
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.candle.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Candle
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.chain_link.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Chain Link
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.iron_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.moss_paste.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Moss Paste
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.GardenStuff.wrought_iron_nugget.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.GardenTrees.candelilla.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Candelilla
fe.protection.use.GardenTrees.candelilla_seeds.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Candelilla Seeds
fe.protection.use.GraveStone.Chisel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gravestone Chisel
fe.protection.use.GraveStone.Corpse.*                                                             # (default: true) USE item.corpse.villager
fe.protection.use.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT1.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.backpack.undertaker.t1
fe.protection.use.GraveStone.GSUndertakerBackpackT2.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.backpack.undertaker.t2
fe.protection.use.GraveStone.SpawnEgg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Spawn Zombie Dog
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advJetpack.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advLappack.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.advNanoChestPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced NanoChestPlate
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.graviChestPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.graviTool.*                                                          # (default: true) USE GraviTool
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.itemSimpleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE itemSuperConductorCover.name
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.relocator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Relocator
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.sonicLauncher.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.sonicLauncher.name
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.ultimateLappack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.use.GraviSuite.vajra.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Vajra
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Composite Vest
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE BatPack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Backpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energypack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                       # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bio Chaff
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCable.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hydration Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coffee Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Industrial Credit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Containment Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Debug Item
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Sprayer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plantball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Grin Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Sticky Resin
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lathing Tool
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Zero
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cold Coffee
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Mug
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) USE CF Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Coal Chunk
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coil
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Rubber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                               # (default: true) USE OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                            # (default: true) USE OV Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Scrap Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iridium Shard
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Slag
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Static Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                       # (default: true) USE TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                   # (default: true) USE TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                     # (default: true) USE TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terra Wart
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                          # (default: true) USE (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Forge Hammer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iridium Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE EU-Reader
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mining Laser
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Black Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brown Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Green Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lime Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orange Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pink Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Red Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tool Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Electric Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 238
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Weed
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Weed-EX
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crystal Memory
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                            # (default: true) USE MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.use.IC2.obscurator.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obscurator
fe.protection.use.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                            # (default: true) USE ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                        # (default: true) USE RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                         # (default: true) USE 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2.windmeter.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Windmeter
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.CardAppeng.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Applied Energistics Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.Item55ReactorCard.*                                           # (default: true) USE 5x5 Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemMultipleSensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Text Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Time Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.KitAppeng.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Applied Energistics Monitor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.RFSensorCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE RF Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.remoteMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) USE Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                         # (default: true) USE Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                      # (default: true) USE Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                        # (default: true) USE Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                     # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enderman Head
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Holey Bucket
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                                # (default: true) USE Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Casing
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                     # (default: true) USE LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                        # (default: true) USE Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jerrycan
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Treated Stick
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Railgun
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Revolver
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shader
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                                # (default: true) USE Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                              # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler

fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                              # (default: true) USE ��8Black Balloon

fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Configuration Card
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crafting Formula
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper

fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE ��8Black Glow Panel

fe.protection.use.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                           # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Gold Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wood Paxel
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.biofuel.*                                            # (default: true) USE BioFuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.chocolatemilk.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.essence.*                                            # (default: true) USE Essence Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.meat.*                                               # (default: true) USE Meat Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.mushroomsoup.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mushroom Soup Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.pinkslime.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pink Slime Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sewage.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sewage Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.bucket.sludge.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.ceramicdye.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ceramic Dye (White)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.fertilizer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Industrial Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.fishingrod.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.glass.helm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sunglasses
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.hammer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Precision Sledgehammer
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.laserfocus.*                                                # (default: true) USE Laser Focus (White)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.cooked.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Meat Ingot
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.ingot.raw.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Meat Ingot
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.cooked.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.nugget.raw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw "Meat" Nugget
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.milkbottle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Needlegun
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.anvil.*                                      # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Anvil)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.empty.*                                      # (default: true) USE Needlegun Magazine
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.fire.*                                       # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Fire)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.lava.*                                       # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Lava)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.pierce.*                                     # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Shrapnel)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sewage.*                                     # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Sewage)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.sludge.*                                     # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Sludge)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.needlegun.ammo.standard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Needlegun Ammo (Needles)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pink Slimeball
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.bag.*                                               # (default: true) USE Plastic Bag
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.boots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Plastic Boots
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.chest.*                                             # (default: true) USE Plastic Breastplate
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.cup.*                                               # (default: true) USE Plastic Cup
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.helm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plastic Helmet
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.legs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Plastic Leggings
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.raw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Plastic
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.sheet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Plastic Sheets
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.portaspawner.*                                              # (default: true) USE PortaSpawner
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.potatolauncher.*                                            # (default: true) USE Potato Cannon
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.record.blank.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blank Record
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.memorycard.*                                         # (default: true) USE PRC Memory Card
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.meter.*                                              # (default: true) USE RedNet Meter
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rocket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tracking Self-Propelled Anti Material Rocket
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rocketlauncher.*                                            # (default: true) USE SPAMR Launcher
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.bar.*                                                # (default: true) USE Rubber Bar
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.rubber.raw.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Rubber
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.ruler.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ruler
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.*                                          # (default: true) USE Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.jailer.fancy.*                                    # (default: true) USE Golden Jailer's Safari Net
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.launcher.*                                        # (default: true) USE Safari Net Launcher
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.reusable.*                                        # (default: true) USE Safari Net (Reusable)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.safarinet.singleuse.*                                       # (default: true) USE Safari Net (Single-Use)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.spyglass.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spyglass
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.straw.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Straw
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.sugarcharcoal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sugar Charcoal
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.cure.*                                              # (default: true) USE De-Zombification Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.empty.*                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.growth.*                                            # (default: true) USE Growth Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.health.*                                            # (default: true) USE Health Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.slime.*                                             # (default: true) USE Slime Embiggening Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.syringe.zombie.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zombie Syringe
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.logic.*                                             # (default: true) USE PRC LX-100 Logic Expansion Card
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.upgrade.radius.*                                            # (default: true) USE Upgrade (Lapis)
fe.protection.use.MineFactoryReloaded.xpextractor.*                                               # (default: true) USE XP Extractor
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.agebook.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Descriptive Book
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.booster.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.folder.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Collation Folder
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.glasses.*                                                             # (default: true) USE XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Linking Book
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.page.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Blank Page
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.vial.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Ink Vial
fe.protection.use.Mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Writing Desk
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                            # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                           # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.item.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                         # (default: true) USE Data Card
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Draw Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                             # (default: true) USE Circuit Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                                     # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                                # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                   # (default: true) USE Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                           # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                    # (default: true) USE Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                                # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                                   # (default: true) USE Recipe Plan
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                            # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.athame.*                             # (default: true) USE Athame
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axeruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.axesapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Axe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.backpack.*                           # (default: true) USE White Backpack
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoeruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.hoesapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Hoe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.lilyseed.*                           # (default: true) USE White Deviating Lily seed
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotboots.*                       # (default: true) USE Peridot Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotchestplate.*                  # (default: true) USE Peridot Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridothelmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.peridotleggings.*                    # (default: true) USE Peridot Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeperidot.*                     # (default: true) USE Peridot Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxeruby.*                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.pickaxesapphire.*                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyboots.*                          # (default: true) USE Ruby Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubychestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Ruby Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyhelmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.rubyleggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Ruby Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireboots.*                      # (default: true) USE Sapphire Boots
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirechestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Sapphire Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphirehelmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Helmet
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sapphireleggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Sapphire Leggings
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawgold.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawperidot.*                         # (default: true) USE Peridot Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawruby.*                            # (default: true) USE Ruby Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sawsapphire.*                        # (default: true) USE Sapphire Saw
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelperidot.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelruby.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.shovelsapphire.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Shovel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklediamond.*                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklegold.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleiron.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleperidot.*                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sickleruby.*                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklesapphire.*                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklestone.*                        # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.sicklewood.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordperidot.*                       # (default: true) USE Peridot Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordruby.*                          # (default: true) USE Ruby Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.swordsapphire.*                      # (default: true) USE Sapphire Sword
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Exploration.projectred.exploration.woolgin.*                            # (default: true) USE Wool Gin
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*                        # (default: true) USE IC Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                             # (default: true) USE IC Chip
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                         # (default: true) USE White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*                     # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*                        # (default: true) USE White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*                    # (default: true) USE Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                          # (default: true) USE White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*                      # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*                     # (default: true) USE White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                          # (default: true) USE White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*                      # (default: true) USE Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*                      # (default: true) USE White Illumar Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                               # (default: true) USE OR Gate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*                        # (default: true) USE Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                         # (default: true) USE Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*                   # (default: true) USE Router Utility
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*                  # (default: true) USE Item Responder chip
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) USE Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Batbox Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                    # (default: true) USE CESU Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MFE Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Capsule
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Painter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bloodstone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Grower
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Drop Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Letter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Block Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Empty Ginto
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Flask of Poison
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Player Core
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magnetic Force
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sound Recorder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Boots
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spirit Binder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Stone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.linker.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Linker (Link Mode)
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.playerRelocator.*                                             # (default: true) USE Player Relocator
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.relocator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Relocator
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.relocatorModule.*                                             # (default: true) USE Module Base
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.sortingUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sorting Upgrade
fe.protection.use.RefinedRelocation.toolbox.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Toolbox
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Concealment Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Packing Tape
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Drawer Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeSorting.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.upgradeSorting.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Upgrade Template
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Void Upgrade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Battleaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.binding.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutlass
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Dagger
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Feather Fletching
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Frying Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gear Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Canister
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Knapsack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lumber Axe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.materials.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Paper Stack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Potion Launcher
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Shard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magic Funguar
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                               # (default: true) USE Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                             # (default: true) USE Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                               # (default: true) USE Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) USE Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Focus Pouch
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vis Stone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Arcane Door
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottled Taint
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bow of Bone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Phial
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                                # (default: true) USE Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Straw Golem
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mana Bean
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beef Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fish Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pork Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Primal Crusher
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Research Notes
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Alumentum
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Protection
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sanity Checker
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Shard
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Blade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumometer
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Air Arrow
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Cap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.amberCore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Amber Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.amberStaffCore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Amber Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.blankSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Blank Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.bootsComet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Boots of the Comet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.bootsMeteor.*                                                # (default: true) USE Boots of the Meteor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.charmNoTaint.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wispy Dreamcatcher
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.charmTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tainted Band
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.chestSeal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.chestSealLinked.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dark Chest Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.discountRing.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ring of Air
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.jarSeal.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Jar Binding Seal
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.mechanistCapUncharged.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inert Mechanist's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.necroStaffCore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Necromancer's Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.pureZombieBrain.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cured Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.sojournerCapUncharged.*                                      # (default: true) USE Inert Sojourner's Cap
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.stabilizerBelt.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Stabilizer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.taintBerry.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Taintberry
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.talismanFood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Talisman of Nourishment
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.tentacleRing.*                                               # (default: true) USE Taintacle Ring
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.transmutationCore.*                                          # (default: true) USE Transmutative Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicExploration.transmutationStaffCore.*                                     # (default: true) USE Transmutative Staff Core
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cow
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.vat.name
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incubated Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Animated Golem
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                             # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Injector
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lens Case
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Illumine Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Echo Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Node Opener
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Planar Conduit
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Suicide Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Warded Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                              # (default: true) USE Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Putty
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Feline Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                             # (default: true) USE Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Transvector Binder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Imbued Grain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Potion of Aer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Infused Seeds
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ichor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Aspect
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                               # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Protoclay
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Mould
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cover
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Filter
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Retriever
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Flux Chiller
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Schematic

fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Florb (Empty��r)

fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Flux Igniter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                         # (default: true) USE FluiVac
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Creative Satchel
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                                       # (default: true) USE BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                             # (default: true) USE Invar Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lead Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                            # (default: true) USE Silver Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tin Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                              # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Invar Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lead Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Shiny Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silver Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tin Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                              # (default: true) USE Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                                     # (default: true) USE Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                                        # (default: true) USE Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                                     # (default: true) USE Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                                       # (default: true) USE Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                              # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Invar Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lead Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                              # (default: true) USE Silver Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tin Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gold Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gold Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Invar Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Electrum Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                             # (default: true) USE Invar Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lead Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shiny Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                            # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tin Sword
fe.protection.use.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.TravellersGear.simpleGear.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cloak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.alphaFur.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arctic Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticFur.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Arctic Fur
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arctic Hood
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.arcticPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.armorShards.*                                               # (default: true) USE Armor Shard
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.borerEssence.*                                              # (default: true) USE Borer Essence
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.carminite.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Carminite
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.chainBlock.*                                                # (default: true) USE Block and Chain
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping1.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping2.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfKeeping3.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Charm of Life I
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.charmOfLife2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Charm of Life II
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.crumbleHorn.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crumble Horn
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.cubeOfAnnihilation.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.cubeTalisman.*                                              # (default: true) USE Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyMagicMap.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyMazeMap.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.emptyOreMap.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.enderBow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.experiment115.*                                             # (default: true) USE Experiment 115
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Blood
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryBoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryHelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryPick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryPlate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fierySword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.fieryTears.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fiery Tears
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.giantPick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.giantSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Giant's Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.glassSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glass Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.hydraChop.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hydra Chop
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceBomb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ice Bomb
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceBow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ice Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.iceSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ice Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodIngot.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodRaw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodShovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.ironwoodSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightMetal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Knightly Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knightly Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlyPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightlySword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knightly Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.knightmetalRing.*                                           # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.lampOfCinders.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.legsNaga.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.liveRoot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Liveroot
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicBeans.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magic Beans
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicMap.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magic Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.magicMapFocus.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeMap.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Maze Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeMapFocus.*                                              # (default: true) USE Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazeWafer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maze Wafer
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.mazebreakerPick.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mazebreaker
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefRaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Meef
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefSteak.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Meef Steak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.meefStroganoff.*                                            # (default: true) USE Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.minotaurAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.moonwormQueen.*                                             # (default: true) USE Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.nagaScale.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Scale
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMagnet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ore Magnet
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMap.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Maze/Ore Map #0
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.oreMeter.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.peacockFan.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.phantomHelm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Phantom Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.phantomPlate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Phantom Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.plateNaga.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterLifeDrain.*                                          # (default: true) USE Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterTwilight.*                                           # (default: true) USE Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.scepterZombie.*                                             # (default: true) USE Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.seekerBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Seeker Bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.shardCluster.*                                              # (default: true) USE Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHelm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafIngot.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafLegs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafShovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.steeleafSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tfFeather.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raven's Feather
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tfspawnegg.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.torchberries.*                                              # (default: true) USE Torchberries
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.towerKey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tower Key
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.transformPowder.*                                           # (default: true) USE Transformation Powder
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.tripleBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tri-bow
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.trophy.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hydra Trophy
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.venisonCooked.*                                             # (default: true) USE Venison Steak
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.venisonRaw.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Yeti Boots
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiLegs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.use.TwilightForest.item.yetiPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Private Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wireless Remote
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                             # (default: true) USE REP
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE REther Pearl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Bowl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeChest.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bewitched Robe
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_AdvancedRobeLegs.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bewitched Leggings
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bag of Tricks
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Baubles.*                                               # (default: true) USE Seraph's Shoulders
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cloak.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cloak
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Cluster.*                                               # (default: true) USE Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_CrystalFlask.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crystal Capsule
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_InfusedGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Inert Gem
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Kama.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Kama
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_MagicFood.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sweetwart
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_Material.*                                              # (default: true) USE Yarn
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialAxe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Primordial Greataxe ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialBoots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Boots ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialChest.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Cuirass ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialGlove.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Gauntlet
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHammer.*                                      # (default: true) USE Primordial Warhammer ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialHelm.*                                        # (default: true) USE Primordial Helm ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialLegs.*                                        # (default: true) USE Primordial Greaves ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_PrimordialSword.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Claymore ��8- ��eAer��r
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ScanCamera.*                                            # (default: true) USE Thaumic Iconograph Box
fe.protection.use.WitchingGadgets.item.WG_ThaumiumShears.*                                        # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shears
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Draconium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mithril Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nickel Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Platinum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shadow Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Uranium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedOsmium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedAluminium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Aluminium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedCobalt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedMithril.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Mithril Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedNickel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedOsmium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedPlatinum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyAluminium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyCobalt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Mithril Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustUranium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetOsmium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Osmium Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetUranium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Draconium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mithril Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nickel Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Platinum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shadow Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Uranium Shard
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                             # (default: true) USE 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                              # (default: true) USE 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                              # (default: true) USE 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                             # (default: true) USE 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                              # (default: true) USE Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                   # (default: true) USE Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemFacade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cable Facade - Glass
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                    # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                        # (default: true) USE ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                        # (default: true) USE Paint Ball - White

fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE 128? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                       # (default: true) USE 16? Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                        # (default: true) USE 2? Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                       # (default: true) USE 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                        # (default: true) USE 2³ Spatial Storage Cell

fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                         # (default: true) USE View Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Biometric Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Staff
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                               # (default: true) USE Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Matter Cannon
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                       # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Network Tool
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                     # (default: true) USE Portable Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impulse Boots
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.use.chisel.ballomoss.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ball O' Moss
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.cloudinabottle.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cloud In A Bottle
fe.protection.use.chisel.diamondChisel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.obsidianChisel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.smashingrock.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Smashing Rock
fe.protection.use.chisel.upgrade.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                         # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.extracells.part.base.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.component.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                               # (default: true) USE ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.use.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Almond
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Almond Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovyrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleciderItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Cider
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applepieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Apple Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesauceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Apricot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Artichoke
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagussoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Avocado
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgerItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgerItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeansItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Baked Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Baked Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedhamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Baked Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Baked Turnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakewareItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bakeware
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baklavaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Baklava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananaItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Banana
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.banananutbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasplitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Banana Split
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananayogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bangersandmashItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Barley Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bassrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Bass
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batterItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Batter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteredsausageItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Battered Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanburritoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bean Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansandriceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beans and Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansontoastItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beans on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefjerkyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beef Wellington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beeswaxItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Beet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetburgerItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Beet Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsaladItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Beet Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beet Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beet Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bellpepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuitItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrycobblerItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackpepperItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Black Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bltItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE BLT
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.boiledeggItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Boiled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.braisedonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Braised Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolimacItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolindipItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brownieItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brownie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bubblywaterItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bubbly Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butterItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Buttered Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cabbage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactussoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cactus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamaricookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamarirawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.californiarollItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE California Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedgingerItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Candied Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedlemonItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Candied Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Candleberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Caramel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelappleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Caramel Apple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carprawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Carp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotcakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cashew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cashew Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.catfishrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Catfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutterItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Celery Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celerysoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Celery Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaiteaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chai Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaoscookieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charrrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Charr
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseburgerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheesecakeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecakeItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cherry Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebarItem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrypieItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cherry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutbutterItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencurryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickengumboItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chicken Parmasan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickensandwichItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chikorollItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chiko Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chiliItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilichocolateItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipoppersItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chili Poppers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolaterollItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecakeItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Spinkles Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chorizoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chorizo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.citrussaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Citrus Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cocoapowderItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutcreamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coconut Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutmilkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeebeanItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coffee Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.colasodaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cola Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Coleslaw
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornbreadItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cornbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornflakesItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cornflakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornishpastyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornmealItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cornmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornonthecobItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Corn Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottagepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cottage Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cotton Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabrawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackerItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cracker
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrybarItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishcookedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishrawItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamcookieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cream Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedcornItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creamed Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.croissantItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Croissant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cucumber
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Curry Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.currypowderItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Curry Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.custardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Custard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cuttingboardItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cutting Board
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.damperItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Damper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dateItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Date
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.datenutbreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.delightedmealItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Delighted Meal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgerItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dimsumItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dim Sum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.donutItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.doughItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dough
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dragonfruitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Durian
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ediblerootItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Edible Root
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eelrawItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Eel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggnogItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Egg Nog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantparmItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggsaladItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Egg Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.energydrinkItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energy Drink
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.epicbaconItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Epic Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.espressoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Espresso
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.extremechiliItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Extreme Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fairybreadItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fairy Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fig
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figbarItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fig Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellyItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjuiceItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fig Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figsmoothieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figyogurtItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.firmtofuItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Firm Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishandchipsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishdinnerItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fish Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsandwichItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsticksItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fish Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtacoItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fish Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaitItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flourItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flour
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.footlongItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Footlong
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frenchtoastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE French Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshmilkItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fresh Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshwaterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fresh Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fried Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedeggItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fried Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedonionsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fried Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedriceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fried Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friesItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frogcookedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frograwItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Frog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frosteddonutItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Frosted Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitbaitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fruit Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitpunchItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fruit Punch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fruit Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.futomakiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Futo Maki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garammasalaItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Garam Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gardensoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Garden Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Garlic Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Garlic Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gherkinItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Gherkin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerbreadItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ginger Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerchickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ginger Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersnapsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ginger Ale
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gooseberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grainbaitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grain Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Grape
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grapefruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Grape Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grape Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesodaItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Grape Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gravyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenheartfishItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledskewersItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundnutmegItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grouperrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Grouper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grubItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bee Grub
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guacamoleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Guacamole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gummybearsItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gummy Bears
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamburgerItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hashItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heavycreamItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Heavy Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herringrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Herring
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.holidaycakeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Honey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebarItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysandwichItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotchocolateItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotdogItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hotdog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotwingsItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hot Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.icecreamItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jaffaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Jaffa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jamrollItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Jam Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellybeansItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jellybeans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellydonutItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jelly Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juicerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Juicer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ketchupItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ketchup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.keylimepieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Keylime Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kimchiItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kimchi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Kiwi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambkebabItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lamingtonItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lamington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreadItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Leek
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leek Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonaideItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lemonade
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonbarItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lemon Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lettuce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lime
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limesmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mango
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangochutneyItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mango Chutney
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mango Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.manjuuItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manjuu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesausageItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Maple Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marshmellowsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Marshmellows
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marzipanItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Marzipan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mayoItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mayo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mcpamItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE McPam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatpieItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Meat Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatystewItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Melon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mincepieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mince Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicemcreamItem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixedsaladItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mixed Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixingbowlItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochiItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mochi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mudfishrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.museliItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Museli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mustard Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.muttoncookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.muttonrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.naanItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nachoesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nachoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutellaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nutella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutmegItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Oats
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oats Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopuscookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopusrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okrachipsItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Okra Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okracreoleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Okra Creole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Okra Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Olive
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveoilItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooking Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.omeletItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Omelet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionhamburgerItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionseedItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Onion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionsoupItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Onion Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Orange
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangechickenItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Orange Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesodaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Orange Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcauliflowerItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pancakesItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneerItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Paneer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayaItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Papaya
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajuiceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Papaya Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayayogurtItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Parsnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pastaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pasta
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pavlovaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pavlova
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pbandjItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE PB&J
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachcobblerItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjuiceItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peach Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Peanut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbutterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peanut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pear Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasandceleryItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peas and Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Peas Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pecan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanpieItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pecan Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppercornItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peppercorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppermintItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peppermint
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperoniItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pepperoni
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.perchrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Perch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pickled Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledonionsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pickled Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.picklesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pickles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pinacoladaItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pinacolada
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pineapple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineapplehamItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncakeItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pineapple Upsidedown Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pistachio
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobutterItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzaItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plainyogurtItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellyItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjuiceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plum Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumyogurtItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poachedpearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Poached Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pomegranate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichItem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.popcornItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Popcorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklomeinItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porksausageItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pork Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Potato and Cheese Pirogi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatocakesItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Potato Cakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Potato Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Potato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potroastItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pot Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.powdereddonutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Powdered Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pralinesItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pralines
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreadItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecakeItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cheesecake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.queenbeeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Queen Bee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rabbitcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rabbitrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Radish Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisincookiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisinsItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raisins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.randomtacoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Random Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raspberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrypieItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.redvelvetcakeItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.refriedbeansItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Refried Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rhubarb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricecakeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceseedItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricesoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastchickenItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Roast Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Root Beer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.royaljellyItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rutabaga
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeseedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rye Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saladdressingItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Salad Dressing
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Salmon Patties
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saucepanItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Saucepan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageinbreadItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausagerollItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sausage Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scallion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scallion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallopcookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scalloprawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scrambledeggItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Seaweed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seedsoupItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Seed Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameballItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sesame Ball
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shepardspieItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpcookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimprawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.silkentofuItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silken Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.skilletItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Skillet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailcookedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cooked Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snapperrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Snapper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snickersbarItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Snickers Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustardItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soybean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Soybean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soymilkItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soy Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soysauceItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soy Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spagetti
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Spagetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicebunItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spice Bun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafseedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicygreensItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spicy Greens
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachpieItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Spinach Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachseedItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spinach Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springsaladItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spring Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Starfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steakandchipsItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steak and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedpeasItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steamed Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedspinachItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stockItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stock
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrypieItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryseedItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.suaderoItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Suadero
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sundayroastItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sunday Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladItem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.supremepizzaItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sushiItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sushi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpickleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseedItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tacoItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taffyItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Taffy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cup of Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tealeafItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tea Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaseedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tea Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tilapiarawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.timtamItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tim Tam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toadintheholeItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastsandwichItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tomato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatosoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tomato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tortillaItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tortilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.trailmixItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Trail Mix
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.troutrawItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Trout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunapotatoItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tuna Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunarawItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Tuna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeycookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeyrawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Turnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipseedItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipsoupItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turnip Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlecookedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlerawItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vanilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillabeanItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vegemite
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiebaitItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Veggie Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestripsItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Veggie Strips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisoncookedItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisonrawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vindalooItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vindaloo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vinegarItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vinegar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wafflesItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walleyerawItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Walleye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Walnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreadItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxItem.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxcombItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Waxcomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE White Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseedItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Winter Squash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashseedItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wovencottonItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Woven Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zeppoleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zeppole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibreadItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniseedItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                             # (default: true) USE LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fluix Wire Coil

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE ��aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                    # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                          # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Sword

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_1MinicioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE §aMinicio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_2AccioEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE §6Accio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_3CrucioEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_4ImperioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE §bImperio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_5ZivicioEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourBoots.*                                    # (default: true) USE §6Accio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourChestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE §6Accio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Accio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioArmourLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Accio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioAxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE §6Accio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioHoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE §6Accio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE §6Accio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioShovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE §6Accio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AccioSword.*                                          # (default: true) USE §6Accio Sword

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirEssence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Air Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AirSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Air Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumEssence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Aluminium Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AluminiumSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Aluminium Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Alumite Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_AlumiteSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Alumite Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ardite Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ArditeSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlazeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blizz Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BlizzSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_BronzeSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzEssence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CertusQuartzSeeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ChickenSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Coal Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CoalSeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Coal Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CobaltSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CopperSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowEssence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cow Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CowSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cow Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Creeper Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CreeperSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Creeper Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                   # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                              # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                                # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                         # (default: true) USE ��eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourBoots.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourChestplate.*                              # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourHelmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioArmourLeggings.*                                # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioAxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioHoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioShovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_CrucioSword.*                                         # (default: true) USE §eCrucio Sword

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DiamondSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeEssence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Technicolor Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_DyeSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dye Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Earth Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EarthSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Earth Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Electrum Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ElectrumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Electrum Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldApple.*                                        # (default: true) USE ��aEmerald Apple

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Emerald Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EmeraldSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Enderium Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EnderiumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Enderman Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EndermanSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Enderman Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                   # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                       # (default: true) USE ��6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                      # (default: true) USE ��fExperience Book

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceFertilizer.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Accio Soil Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_EssenceIngots.*                                       # (default: true) USE §6Accio Ingot
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceBook.*                                      # (default: true) USE §fExperience Book

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceEssence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Experience Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ExperienceSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Experience Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fire Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FireSeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fire Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fluix Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_FluixSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ghast Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GhastSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneEssence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GlowstoneSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_GoldSeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gold Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                        # (default: true) USE ��bImperio Sword
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                                # (default: true) USE Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                                 # (default: true) USE ��4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                                # (default: true) USE Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                                 # (default: true) USE ��bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                   # (default: true) USE ��6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) USE §bImperio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE §bImperio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE §bImperio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) USE §bImperio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE §bImperio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE §bImperio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §bImperio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE §bImperio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ImperioSword.*                                        # (default: true) USE §bImperio Sword
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneExtreme.*                                # (default: true) USE Extreme Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneMaster.*                                 # (default: true) USE §4Master Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneRegular.*                                # (default: true) USE Regular Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneStrong.*                                 # (default: true) USE §bStrong Infusion Stone
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InfusionStoneWeak.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Weak Infusion Stone

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Invar Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_InvarSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Invar Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_IronSeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LapisSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lead Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LeadSeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lead Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lumium Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_LumiumSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MagicalFertilizer.*                                   # (default: true) USE Magical Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelEssence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManasteelSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynEssence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ManyullynSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_MinicioSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Minicio Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Nature Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NatureSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nature Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Nether Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NetherSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Nickel Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_NickelSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ObsidianSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_OsmiumSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Peridot Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PeridotSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigEssence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pig Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PigSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pig Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Platinum Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_PlatinumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Quartz Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_QuartzSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RedstoneSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rubber Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubberSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubyEssence.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_RubySeeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterEssence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SaltpeterSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SapphireSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagAccio.*                                        # (default: true) USE Accio Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagCrucio.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crucio Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagImperio.*                                      # (default: true) USE Imperio Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SeedBagZivicio.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zivicio Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sheep Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SheepSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Signalum Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SignalumSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Silver Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SilverSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Silver Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonEssence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SkeletonSeeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Slime Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SlimeSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Slime Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Spider Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SpiderSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Spider Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SteelSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_SulfurSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sulfur Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TaintedEssence.*                                      # (default: true) USE ��8Tainted Essence

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelEssence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TerrasteelSeeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinEssence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tin Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_TinSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tin Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                                # (default: true) USE ��bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                                # (default: true) USE ��aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateDiamondApple.*                                # (default: true) USE §bUltimate Diamond Apple
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_UltimateEmeraldApple.*                                # (default: true) USE §aUltimate Emerald Apple

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterEssence.*                                        # (default: true) USE Water Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WaterSeeds.*                                          # (default: true) USE Water Seeds
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherEssence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Wither Essence
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_WitherSeeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wither Skeleton Seeds

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                              # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                             # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                              # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                         # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                       # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                       # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                             # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                            # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                            # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                          # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                      # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                           # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                        # (default: true) USE ��dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBoots.*                                  # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsJump.*                              # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsSpeed.*                             # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourBootsStep.*                              # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Boots
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateFire.*                         # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplatePoison.*                       # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourChestplateWither.*                       # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Chestplate
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetFeed.*                             # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetNight.*                            # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourHelmetWater.*                            # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Helmet
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggings.*                               # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsBlind.*                          # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsConfusion.*                      # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioArmourLeggingsWeak.*                           # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Leggings
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioAxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Axe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioHoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Hoe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioShovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Shovel
fe.protection.use.magicalcrops.magicalcrops_ZivicioSword.*                                        # (default: true) USE §dZivicio Sword

fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_black.*                                               # (default: true) USE Black Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_blue.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_brown.*                                               # (default: true) USE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_gray.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_green.*                                               # (default: true) USE Green Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_light_blue.*                                          # (default: true) USE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_lime.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_orange.*                                              # (default: true) USE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_pink.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_purple.*                                              # (default: true) USE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_red.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_silver.*                                              # (default: true) USE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_white.*                                               # (default: true) USE White Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.curtain_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) USE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.custom_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Custom Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.door_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.factory_door.*                                                # (default: true) USE Factory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.forcefieldItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.iron_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.jail_door.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Jail Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.laboratory_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.rustyHandle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rusty Handle
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.saloon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Saloon Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.shoji_door.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Shoji Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.item.wood_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.use.metacycler.item.metawand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.metawand.name
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                              # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.openlights.openlights.prismaticPaste.*                                          # (default: true) USE Prismatic Paste
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.folder.*                                                # (default: true) USE Folder
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.paperShreds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Paper Shreds
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printedPage.*                                           # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkBlack.*                                       # (default: true) USE Black Ink
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerInkColor.*                                       # (default: true) USE Color Ink
fe.protection.use.openprinter.openprinter.printerPaperRoll.*                                      # (default: true) USE Printer Paper Roll
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.magCard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidCard.*                                            # (default: true) USE RFID Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.rfidReaderCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoor.*                                        # (default: true) USE Security Door
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.opensecurity.securityDoorPrivate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Private Security Door
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.CoalPellet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Pellet
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.CobbleUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cobble Gen Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.CreativeRFEngine.*                                        # (default: true) USE Creative RF Engine
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.DiamondUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.FillerUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Filler Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.FilterAdultUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Adult Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.FilterAnimalUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Animal Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.FilterMobUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mob Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.FilterPlayerUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Player Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.IronUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.MilkerUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Milker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.RFEngine.*                                                # (default: true) USE RF Engine
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.ShearingUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shearing Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.StoneUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WitherDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wither Diamond
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WitherIron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wither Iron
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WitherStone.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wither Stone
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WitherUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wither Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WitherWood.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wither Wood
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.WoodUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Upgrade
fe.protection.use.progressiveautomation.Wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) USE PA Wrench
fe.protection.use.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blindness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Button Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Clock Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Computer Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Counter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Developers Delight
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dimension Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Template
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flight Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fluid Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Haste Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Infused Diamond
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inventory Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.use.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Machine Information Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Night Vision Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orphaning Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Peace Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peaceful Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.use.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Poison Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Regeneration Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE RFTools Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Saturation Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Security Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Shape Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Shard Wand
fe.protection.use.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Slowness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Smart Wrench
fe.protection.use.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Speed Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.use.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE unknown.name
fe.protection.use.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Syringe
fe.protection.use.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.use.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Text Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.use.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Weakness Module
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                                # (default: true) USE Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Aer Fragment
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ��eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plax Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redlon Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knowledge Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diffusion Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                          # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                           # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.use.witchery.arthana.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Arthana
fe.protection.use.witchery.babashat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bark Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.biomenote.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Biome Beach
fe.protection.use.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biting Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.boline.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Boline
fe.protection.use.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.water.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Brew Bag
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.use.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.canesword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cane Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Witches' Brews
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Circle Talisman
fe.protection.use.witchery.coffin.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Coffin
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Hood
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Footwear
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathshand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hand of Death
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Robe
fe.protection.use.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lava Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Water Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.use.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Earmuffs
fe.protection.use.witchery.garlic.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Glass Goblet
fe.protection.use.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.use.witchery.handbow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.use.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.use.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Icy Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.ingredient.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Candelabra
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Twisting Band
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.use.witchery.louse.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.use.witchery.mirror.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mirror
fe.protection.use.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Moon Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.mutator.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.use.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mystic Branch
fe.protection.use.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.playercompass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Player Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.poppet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Poppet
fe.protection.use.witchery.potion.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Universal Antidote
fe.protection.use.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.use.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.use.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.silversword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spectral Stone
fe.protection.use.witchery.stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.stewraw.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sun Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Taglock Kit
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhand.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Hand
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Witches' Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.alkahest_tome.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tome of Alkahestry
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Angelheart Vial
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Angelic Feather
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Casing
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.condensed_potion.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Condensed Splash Serum
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                               # (default: true) USE Destruction Catalyst
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Emperor's Chalice
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ender Staff
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Coin of Fortune
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glacial Staff
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glowing Bread
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glowing Water
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Grip Assembly
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hunter's Handgun
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                                        # (default: true) USE {{!colors.green}}Harvest Rod
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.heart_pearl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Heart Pearl
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                                                          # (default: true) USE {{!colors.rose}}Zombie Nian Zhu
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hero's Medallion
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Holy Hand Grenade
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ice Magus Rod
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Infernal Chalice
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                                     # (default: true) USE {{!colors.red}}Infernal Claws
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                                      # (default: true) USE {{!colors.red}}Infernal Tear
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kraken Shell
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                                # (default: true) USE {{!colors.yellow}}Lantern Of Paranoia
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Magazine
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Magicbane
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cross of Mercy
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Touchstone of Midas
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rib Bone
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Phoenix Down
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                                   # (default: true) USE {{!colors.red}}Pyromancer's Staff
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                                       # (default: true) USE {{!colors.yellow}}Rending Gale
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rod of Lyssa
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Salamander's Eye
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                                      # (default: true) USE {{!colors.green}}Serpent Staff
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shears of Winter
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sojourner's Staff
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Twilight Cloak
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Void Tear
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Empty Void Tear
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE {{!colors.yellow}}Witch Hat
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Witherless Rose
